It's avoidable that, I don't think, I don't see how that is avoidable. It's not even like practical, like whatsoever at this point. You know, once you, once you tied in with a contract, you know what I mean? To do the work, you gotta do it. It's not like somebody's gonna pay the bill and pay them people for me.
Right. But
behind, no, I already done took the losses, but this is bigger than, you know what I mean? Like, it ain't even that I, I do that all day long, but I'm not gonna have my movement dictated by somebody else. 'cause if at the end of the day you gotta understand both ends. Mm-hmm. You know what I'm saying? Like if somebody set up something and you tell them to.
To, to, to, to counsel everything last minute. That ain't even practical because I think most people see location.
Yeah, but I mean, still it's still last minute though. You feel me? It's like a,
it is not, man. The movement is bigger than that shit, to be honest.
It ain't bigger than Brooklyn. It's bigger than the building. It's bigger than the
ommunity. Nah, it's like if, if, if, if I've been, if I've been promoting this the whole time and nobody say nothing to the day before you understand me, that ain't got nothing to do with me. You feel me? If anything, if they would've hit me up and, and soon as we announced where it was going to be, you feel me?
And you had time to tell somebody, then that's different. But you on day before and be like, all right, tell all your people to go home. That just traveled in to all your people that flew out from different countries that came in. You know what I mean? Like that's not even, but that doesn't work like that.
That's not even possible. That's not how business, that's not how organization, that's not how venues, like there's a whole set of work that we put in 'cause we independent, like we do everything ourselves. You feel me? So I think on the outside, people just be looking at this shit like, oh, they making it happen.
Like, man, we putting in on the ground work. Nah man ain't, nah, nah, I already, I already do that. It ain't going to happen. Like it is what it is. I never do that to my peoples. You know what I mean? Like I got, I got peoples personally I gotta take care of like, and it ain't nobody that's gonna front that.
Right. I get that. But it's like, what, what you talking about is three hours, you know what I'm saying? Like, it don't work that way. 'cause you still, I would still have to pay the venue regardless. So they gonna get my money regardless because I can't contractually not pay the people like it don't actually work like that.
So the only thing I would lose out on is. Disorganized situation, having to pay people go home. You understand me at a loss,
I ain't really dealing with nothing. I think it's just people don't be having practical thought processes when they come up with shit. Sometimes, man, it's like, 'cause they been doing events there, obviously. They just had somebody do an event and that event didn't get canceled. You know what I mean? So if anything, you gotta keep the same energy.
I don't know who it was. 3000 done event there. Andre 3000 did an event there. You know what I'm saying? So it's like
right, but you gotta keep the same energy. And then people know, if I've seen that Andre 3000 event with boycotted there, that that send shock waves. Now everybody know that's the situation you don't do. But if it's like we pick and choosing. You feel me? Like that don't even make sense. Why?
Like, you know, you wouldn't support this if you knew about it. Yeah. That's a easy situation choice to make if I knew. But you know, when it's, when it's a couple hours down to the wire, it ain't even really a choice to make,
you know what I'm saying? Like, it ain't gotta push through it's politics on, on, on both ends,
man. It means one of those things, anything can go wrong, will go wrong. But, you know, I didn't, I I, I put in too much work to, to to have the, I I think we, we become like, what we try to do is we just try to scapegoat whoever closest we can get to, you know what I mean? That's all it is. You can't get to Andre, you know what?
He not gonna listen. I'm not gonna say nothing, you feel me? But that ain't how I operate. Like, if you don't keep the same energy with everybody, then I don't, I can't really conclude that it's righteous, you feel me? Otherwise, it's like some bullying shit and I ain't about to get bullied. That's the way I look at it.
Same way niggas will fight each other, but when the police come, don't do nothing. That's picking and choosing. That ain't righteousness.
Yeah, but I'm saying if somebody come to Oakland and they ain't know Oakland ain't, we ain't impractical. We gonna give you that pass and be like, next time, don't do it there. 'cause we don't rock with them people. We not gonna boycott you. I ain't never seen that in the history of Oakland. We are very practical ass people where we think about things from both perspectives.
Like, bro came in, you feel me? And he ain't know the building that he chose, we got politics with otherwise. I'm sure somebody would've reached out ahead of time and told him not to do that, then it would've been good. But that's all it's, now listen to the brothers. I, I actually tried to call the brother, but it, it is one of those things to where, you know, it's a difference between a person dictating something and a person having a conversation.
The conversation goes, here's these people. I know you gotta do your event. What is a way to where we can still get a message out even after the event saying that I will never do one here again because I didn't know that they got problems with the community. You feel me? Versus, yo, let's figure out a way to boycott this brother's event, but not all their business because then you're not boycotting them, you're boycotting me,
you know, but I'm a man, so I'm gonna talk to men straight up and we can just figure it out from there.
Uh, I go to Ohio, then we actually gotta go to, uh, the uk. So, you know, the, uh, brothers and sisters want us to come out there to, uh, Birmingham.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Nah, nah, nah, nah. They hit me. I seen this shit last night. Like, there's no, there's like, I ain't Superman. I mean, I am, but I'm not, man, we, shit, we done had this shit up for some weeks now,
obviously they wasn't planning on going to the event, so what probably was, you know what I'm saying? But I, they, they just seen a video I put up yesterday and then that's when they doing they little social media friends. Yeah. That's all it was.
Yeah. It wasn't until the, the one brother was the only one that said it. Nobody else said nothing about it.
Yeah.
Yeah. That's what I'm saying. We got Yeah, that's what I'm saying, like, you know, it's a lot of particulars that go into these things, you know. Not only when, especially when you independent, you, you, you gotta, man, everything we got, we got guests. Backlash because if it was black, let's make sure
that's a 24 hour turnaround.
But that's why I say it's not, you know, people don't think in practicalities, you know what I mean? They think dramatic and, and it's just alright on your end. It's easy to say, wouldn't it be great if you just canceled it for me? And it's like, wouldn't it be great you just wrote me a check for this? You know what I'm saying?
Because at the end of the day, I have to handle everything myself. It don't work that way. Community art center. Oh, the community art center.
Man, I gotta pull up. So look, I, I built out this, um, I built out this application, it's called Zion. And it allow you to build a digital nation that really streamline all of the things that you need to do with your community online. So that when you doing stuff in person, everything runs smoothly. You understand me?
And the idea comes out of basically being able to create your own digital country and then the stuff that y'all do online, y'all can then execute. 'cause we know, we know a lot of people, we start doing all this network and communication, all this talking, but we don't end up executing on those things 'cause it end up being fragmented.
You feel me? You got people coming in, in the city, you don't know when they coming in. There's no real true source of truth for communication. So we building out online instead of just having an algorithm where you jumping on Mark Zuckerberg's internet trying to figure out how you can get to your people and nah, we are able to have the Digital nation where it's a highly aligned.
Community. You understand me saying mission, vision, values of individuals. So if you got your community center, you feel me, you are part of the digital nation, therefore I can plug people in so my network becomes yours. You feel me? So it makes it easier versus Hey, make me a post. Hey, do this. 'cause everything them becomes additional work.
Versus how do we just streamline this whole thing? And so that's, that's what we haven't done yet. The systems behind, you know what I mean? Organization behind all this consciousness in this nation building. So we've been building that out for the last few months, and we finally got our MVP ready to launch.
So we allow people to essentially get passports into our digital nation. We do fractional ownership sharing. You understand that we plugging in businesses, creating jobs, it runs like an economy.
So I'm gonna send you over, I'm gonna send you over an invite so you can plug in your resource. You feel me? So therefore, you know, when we in town or any of my people is looking for some spaces and they wanna know about it, you feel me? They got you because you plugged into the nation.
And then if you want to create your own nation, you understand me? I see you over, uh, the app is called Zion. So it's basically built outside the Matrix.
For real, for real. I, I'm about to see if I can get, uh,
man, listen, man, let me, let me, I'm, I'm gonna get, uh, Cornell West to be the president, the chancellor or something on there.
Yeah, we gonna break it to life.
I'll probably see if I can hire, uh, Lawrence Fishburne to do a commercial for me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. That'd be hard as hell. You know what I'm saying? So,
yeah. Did you, what did you,
how much time? Like I don't wanna really like make, like, you feel me? Yes, sir. Man, appreciate you.
Who was that? Uh, my brother. Um, Supreme. Supreme, uh, Supreme. I don't know if you probably met him before. Yeah, we have. Um, the, the, um, the brother, the white dude at the venue hit me this morning and I, I didn't have time to talk to him, so I was just like, bro, like we, you know, I'll, I'll wait till we get to the venue and we'll talk, because he was talking about, I seen some comments, he was saying all this and I wanted to give you the context so you knew blah, blah.
I'm like, I'm not even gonna deal with this right now. So, we'll. Talk to 'em when we get, get up there. And I want you there for that, obviously now that you come with me. But, um, yeah, that's all I can do. That's outside with the community. It's just, you know, we got around how we got around. You understand me?
So, yeah, I, I just don't know the breakdown. I know, I know people have already, you know, telling you kind of probably some information on it. I don't know. I have no idea what the breakdown is. I don't, I don't have a full understanding of it. Yeah, exactly. So, you know, I'm just always gonna go with the will of the people in the sense of being on that side.
But when it's a 24 hour turnaround, yeah, it's not even, we gotta push through, but it's a bigger issue. But afterwards, right. You understand me, we can always mesh that, that nah, we, we rock with the people. We will never do an event here at this venue again. Um, and, and, and particularly my values are not too hard to sway.
You understand me, if the people don't like it, the people don't rock with it, then it's really that simple for me. The particulars in the details don't even matter that much
because one of 'em is my black brothers and other one is them. Right. Like it is what it is. Right? No. And that's on them setting up these spaces that we don't even, you know what I mean? Like, I didn't, all they told me was like, and again, I, I had to do the research, you know, the breakdown these venues, but these aren't things you're looking for from it, you know what I'm saying?
Right. This is the first time it's ever come up before. Right. And they, all they told me about this space is like, it's a historic neighborhood, you know what I'm saying? Like, they made it seem like, so I'm like, okay, be this. It's gonna be a vibe, you know, let's, let's, that's a yes. It's not like, it's an interesting thing to think about.
I mean, and that won't come up everywhere all the time. But I think it's the element of doing everything independent. Yeah. And if we just do it independent, you know, like fully and it's like we're reaching out to like, you guys let us know. People decide where it needs. That's part of the nation building that where we have that, where if I put out an inquiry, we want a venue in a certain location, then somebody can respond to that inquiry.
You feel me? And we can build with them or we can get a, a dossier on something, you know, let me see if, hey, I would even give me that dossier with pros and cons.
Peace doing a event at this building in Brooklyn. It's called the, can you gimme a dossier on the pros and cons of doing it there? Any red flags? Any reason why I shouldn't do
so tell me, man, what's the, what's the situation going on? 'cause you know, I just got a 24 hour notice that this wasn't a good location, but you know, on our end, you know, we contractually bind it to finish out this event. And, uh, I just talked to my brother Supreme in, uh, Atlanta, so he gave me somewhat of a rundown on it.
But it definitely, the news comes to us, you know, so, uh, close to D-Day, you feel me, that our hands are tied.
And, um.
You good, you good?
You know, that building, you know, I'm the owner fact of the property. You know, I inherited from my father in Judge John L. Phillips and you know, we've been in the process of correct justices for um. For quite some time. Mm. You know, and, um, I have been, you know, trying to align,
been trying to align because, um, you know, you, my brothers Blue and Red King Simon, um, you know, have some impactful, uh, uh, you know, impactful platforms, you know. But see, the thing is, like you said, you know, your hands is tied as far as with this situation, you know, I do. I don't, I, you know, I, I, I gotta let that process a little bit, you know, because the what you, what you speak on it, it embodies our, the core, you know what I mean?
Talking about the liberation of our people, the empowerment of our people, you know what I mean? Right now with that building, man, you know, they so called Jews unlawfully attached themselves. Right. They did the de fraud. That dude, Peter, he's a Judas. He used to, uh, work for me. I mean, he was my sound guy. I mean, so he decided to take the position of a Judas.
I told him not to get involved in it. You know, I think that it would be, like I said, the contract, I like know you had to put some money up. So, you know, like, I, I, I, I get that's a, a huge hurdle, you know, but when, like, when I first sent the, when we first sent the message out, and then to like, no, not get a response at all, like, like this right here.
I think that is, you know, some measures that we could have did before it even gotta this point, but putting it out there to the public, uh, uh, to the public arena, you know what I mean? Um, a certain way, you know? Um, I mean, but that's, that's like, that's really the gist of it. I mean, we could, uh, you know, like my, my father, you know, he taught me, I know it comes from, you know, uh, master Farra Muhammad, you know, uh, the honor Elijah Muhammad me.
I felt a, a connection with you, brother. I see you with your father. I mean, along with this journey here, me and my father, we've been, I consider us a dynamic duo. You know what I mean? He ascended, uh, three years ago. Mm. Um, but me and him, we've been, uh, uh, locked up unlawfully over eight times in dealing with this issue from the Slave Theater, uh, uh, to the Black Lady Theater.
I mean, he told me. You know what I mean? The black man is the owner, the maker, the cream of the planet Earth. Right. Well, let me add that in. The owner, the maker, the father of civilization, the cream of the planet Earth and the god of the universe. You know what I mean? We, it's, it's us. We by the creators know what I mean?
So it's like, damn, bro. The dude in event, and then on stolen ground, we talking about contract like brother, they, the contracts that like, that, that brother don't even have the authority to put out no contracts. You see what I'm saying? Our unity is, is showing, uh, uh, how showing that, you know, we stand up against this stuff is, is stronger.
You know what I mean? Like, I know it's a dollar value that was put up. I mean, a dollar amount that was put up, but the value that, you know, us coming together and showing something different, it'll go much, much further. You know, like we could get that money back, you know what I mean? But we told you put up the post with the land and you know what I mean?
You not nation building unless you have land. That's our land. I just seen you put up the post with the elders. I know the elders, we see elders every, uh, every week, over 200 people. You know what I mean? I know They depend on,
they depend on us to come through to make sure that, um, uh, they got food to get them approved to the week till the next time we come around with the food distribution, you know what I mean? Blood, sweat, tears went into that bill, went into that building, that glass. We put that up 50 grand. We cleared out that, that we put it to the point where people could come in, could come in and utilize the, uh, uh, the place to do what you, you know?
Yeah. What you trying to, what you gonna do today. You know what I mean? So it's like, it, it, it definitely hurts. I understand. It's like, damn. You know what I mean? World, I'm between the rock and hard place, like you said. I, I'm contractually, uh, bound, you know, but like what
I, you know, I, I really don't know how to, um,
yeah, I mean like, I like what's the solution? I mean, for us. Because it's not just me, it's my entire team. And then there's all of the people that, you know, flew in today. There's a lot, a lot of moving pieces that goes into what we do, which is independent. You understand me? Everything we do is independent.
So every aspect of it, you know, is a community in the tribe. As we work in, you know, people that flew in from here today, that's gonna be here, guess that we have a whole lot of arrangements, a whole lot of moving pieces that are all in this today, right? And so if we would've known ahead of time or had any inclination of it, then of course this would've been avoided just a hundred percent completely, right?
And if it wasn't, you know, 24 hour notice, right? Right there on the drop of a dime, then that's different. And so my thing is right now is we would have to complete the evict, but we can always ways stand with you and make a statement that we wanna do another event here after getting information right upon the business that occurred there.
Right? That is my best, um, my best solution at the moment, right? Because there's so much that's already put into this that there is not a great solution to pivot.
I, um. I, uh, I hear, I hear that. You know, um, I, trust me, I understand, I understand the logistics. Um, I, you know, I hear that, you know, but now if I turn around and say, you know, brother, over the past 40 years, there's been so much that has been put in. I mean, well over, uh. Uh, millions of dollars to get it to the point to where, you know, we can even, you know, uh, you know, to, you know, have this, have this conversation.
You know, I, it, it's challenging all the way around. I, I, I get it. Um, you know, so I, you know, I guess, you know, we, uh, gotta move forward, uh, accordingly, you know, I, um, I, we would still definitely have to be there and, um, exercise, you know, that, that resistance, you know, um, you know, because, you know, when people seen is that, you know, as you could see a lot of people sending me to different polls, people know.
So when you say exercise resistance, what you mean? You go boycott it? Yeah, I have to. Is is that what y'all do for every one of the events? Not, not every event, because, you know, every event is not of the, uh, the, the stature, you know, but like, when the last time we was out there, and, but, you know, mind, mind you, I, I, I'd rather not, you know what I mean?
Because, you know, I've been years and dealing with this, you know what I mean? Where, where we really get 'em is the admin, the people, the law, you know what I mean? And we are doing that, you know what I mean? Don't get it twisted. We are definitely doing that at the highest level, you know, but sometimes, you know, you got people, elders and other people who are not savvy with the, uh, the paperwork, not savvy in, in that area.
You. So it's like, you know, it's an outlet for them, you know what I mean? Like, they, it's, it's, it's an outlet for em, you know? Um, but I'm saying though, if, if, 'cause in my mind, if you're not boycotting every event, then it's not the venue you boycotting is me that you boycotting. No, it's not, it's not. It's, it's definitely the video and doing this, um, respectfully, it, it would have to, it it'd have to be, you know what I mean?
Because of the, the message that you embody what you, what you, what you put out. That's like showing a division, you know what I mean? It's not showing the division because part of unity is communication. So if it's not known you understand me, then there's no way that a person can plan because we say community, but we don't have a through line of communication.
I'm moving away, I'll move and you got other brothers moving the way they move. And I think that, you know, we can, in our minds conclude that everybody is on the same page, but that's not reality, right? But part of community is the grace that we give to each other as we move as well. 'cause the division is saying that, oh, this brother didn't know and because he didn't know, we're now going to use that, right?
As a way to further our agenda instead of communicate, then figure out, you understand me, how we can work with the brother. That's true Community. Not saying that we need a outlet, so therefore we will use this brother's platform to create a moment that just caused further division. I, I, I don't have to process that, but I, I know, I don't, I don't agree with that because like you're saying, everything that you all put in to make today come to fruition.
People flying in money that was put up. Same thing over, over the years like this, you know, these so-called Jews, they taught Triology. I mean, that's what's being exercised right here. By doing that, Aire is gonna them, that's not coming back to the community at all. That dude, Peter is a straw man. He is a straw man.
And, and, and he's allowing himself to be utilized as a tool for destruction. I mean, we shouldn't be having this conversation right now. I mean, on, on this particular level. I mean, I, I still think it's some type of a, a throwaway that, you know, you know what I mean? If, if you know, you open to it, like it's, uh, something that we can figure out.
But you know what I mean? Like why our ancestors, you talking about judge, you don't get the type of judge overnight, you know what I mean? He set up a foundation for us to be able to do exactly what it is that's going on, but not under these pretenses. I mean, if I sit back and go through nothing. I mean, like that's what type of message is that gonna put out?
It is not If, if I build with you afterwards, it's still a civil communication because when you go to the course, it's a civil communication. So as we deal with each other, it's still a civil communication that goes into it. If I give you my word that I will denounce the situation. 'cause I'm gonna rock with the people until the business owners in the building and publicly announce that we won't be utilizing this space.
You understand me? Until the situation get rectified and what we believe is possibly the right for owners, right? Then that's still standing with the people saying that we didn't know, so therefore we went through it. But when we was contacted, right? We are making our decision as we moving forward. That's showing your position as well.
I, I, I got a disagree with that because what's one thing? So, so from what I'm hearing is that there's, there's, there's no solution. There's no communication that comes to a solution. You understand me? Because I, I'm always the type of person, conflict resolution. We, we intellectually figure out as we kind of going back and forth, what's the best solution before his butt.
And from what I'm hearing is that no matter what on my end, you understand me that went into this, or you know, what is happening as far as what we would have to counsel and the work that goes into it, it doesn't matter because on your end, you already feel, you understand me that you've been wronged and so therefore you wanna make an example out of this.
No, no. It's not about my feeling. I'm, uh, uh, you know, we have to practice emotional intelligence, you know, so it, it's, it's, uh, definitely not, um, a feeling like it was a feeling Like soon as I seen it, like it, like it hurt, it hit me. You, you know, it hurt. But like I said, we can't operate off a family.
'cause that just hit the every comment. No, no, I'm, I'm not talking about the latter one. I'm talking about in, in the actual, uh, messages. Um, in the actual comments, you know, the, uh, uh, the individual was saying to everyone. D right? No, that's, that's an ai. Hmm. Oh, wait a minute. What was that you message? Okay,
but that's why I'm on the phone with you now. I just decided to call you directly and I called you actually earlier a couple of times you didn't answer the phone. As soon as you sent me your number, I called you because we get all kind of messages around all kind of things, and we gotta decipher what's real and what's not.
So when I got a confirm from a brother of mine, they hit me up and I say, okay, this might be an actual situation. You understand me? And so the next thing is just communicate with the brothers to see what is a solution right to the problem. 'cause we didn't even, the, the way our thing run is we didn't even pick the venue.
We have somebody else that's handling that since we independent, you feel me? And make it easier for us. So we've never had this issue before. So this is the first time it's ever coming up as we've been doing this over the years. So this is, you know, somebody calling you 24 hours ahead and essentially asking you to counsel all your plans.
Nine. Cancel them to the detriment or cancel them to the uplifting. I mean, depending on however you say it, I mean, there's still a lot of work that went in and on your end, you know, there's not enough details that I would give you over this phone call for you to understand. You understand me, but on our end, we thinking about all the work that goes into what we are doing.
You know, the, the, the blood, sweat, tears and sacrifice of my teammates. You feel me? That's where we gotta find Yes, sir. Say that's where we gotta find the common ground. Because like you're saying, over the past couple of months or, you know, maybe even years and people put this together, I mean, that is, I, you know, I have to say the same thing to you.
You talking about over 40 years. Yeah. But brother, you talking, you, you, you speaking as if I knew about these things. That's the difference.
I'm, I'm coming into Brooklyn to do an event for the people. You know, I'm, I'm not coming in and, and saying I'm about to collaborate with this venue. I just happen to have a venue that gave us the best prices so we can get this done since we independent and we don't have nobody putting up no money and sponsoring everything that we do.
But there's, I mean it sounds good, but there's no actual person that would organize all of that in a matter of hours. Like there's not a person in existence that would do that. We've been doing this for years and we've never had nobody do that. We do everything ourselves 'cause we are the only ones willing to do it in that capacity.
I got my team working 24 hours putting together things and I'm not disrespecting their leg because it gotta be a mutual respect, you know what I mean? And the way I feel that if you not gonna boycott the whole business and you boycotting me, then you personalizing it towards me. You not personalizing it towards your grudge with Crown Hill, which is a whole different interview from my perspective with Crown Hill first.
Right. But then you gotta keep that equal. You gotta keep that equally, you feel me? And boycott the whole business. Anybody who do something here disrupt they whole business. Not just my tour in particular,
but I'm saying they're still doing events though, is what I'm saying.
No, I mean I get that the straw man aspect, but I'm saying that they're actually doing business.
I,
right. But then I think that that means that more people probably would've even had the energy if they would've seen y'all consistently boycott things. You feel me? It might have gotten to my purview much quicker, but it probably feels like things have settled down. So therefore now it is getting brought back up.
'cause keys is there, but the same energy hasn't been there. You get what I'm saying? Otherwise, I'm sure it would've red flagged us like, nah, they would just boycotting that there. We ain't doing nothing there.
I never wanna work with a space that the community is boycotting. That's crazy. But that's what I'm saying.
I mean, I'm not from, I'm not from Brooklyn, I'm from Oakland, California, and we, we do stuff all across the planet. Like we, we literally, like I'm about to go to Nigeria and Ghana. I don't know the local politics hundred percent from who's involved and what, once we get over there, we can't know everything.
That's, that's not gonna always be possible. The best thing we can do, once we know you understand me, we rectify it and figure out what's the best situation moving forward. And, and that's why I said afterwards I'll stand with you. I say, we not doing no more business with them because our brother has concern.
The community has concerns. And then that message will stand far because then I tell nobody else to come out here and do business.
I get that.
I mean, and then, but again, I would never, I would never, the difference is I would have, you know what I mean? An understanding, my brother came out here, he rented a spot. He didn't know I would never go against my brother. You understand me? Because of the business he doing with another, when he didn't even have knowledge of that, I would never disrupt my brother's business.
You understand me? Because of somebody other especially 'cause he didn't know. Now if he does it intentionally, then that's when we would've a problem. But I would never in a billion years thinking about disrupting my brother's business. You understand me? Because something.
Logistics. Well, yeah. I mean, we gonna have to pay the people regardless, right?
What this situation, what, yeah. It represents an opportunity for us to get clarification on our position. You understand me? But it, it doesn't like this building is important. Part
19 key spoke to the community leaders. You understand me? By the time they gave him word, it was too late to change the venue. So therefore you decided to communicate with the brothers a message to anybody else that wants to do there, do not do business there, because he wanted everybody to have clarity that this business was not gonna community stand for you understand me.
And so I think that that messenger will go very far, especially since I just did business there. And I'm gonna be standing against the people that I just did business with.
And you don't have to shy away from it. You know what I mean? Right. But if you actively protest my own event, it's very hard to have unity after that because? Because communication brings clarification. You know what I mean? Which means that there's understanding between us, you feel me? And then we move forward on what we need to do.
But that's how a community moves. You know what I mean? Especially when it's global and you coming into different jurisdictions. And there's politics within that jurisdiction. So that Exactly, so like, that's what I'm saying, but everybody know everything. You know what I mean? So therefore you have to give people, you know what I mean, as they're coming into different spaces, the grace, you feel me for correction?
You all right? But, but not force. Because if I have no options, then it's forced. If we can communicate right, and then we have clarification, and from that clarification, we come to an agreement That's community
seeking clarification. Uh,
unity. I don't think we have to shy away from it. Like at this point, I guess almost like you see it out there. I mean, the only thing we can do is channel the energy. Well, I mean, I don't really see is a few comments don't, to me, don't dictate it's out there. Just because the internet is just the internet.
I don't take it that serious in person.
I don't know all the organizations because if you not dealing with me beforehand, 'cause I've been doing this for years, and the only time you reach out to me is when there's a problem. I don't really acknowledge all organizations, you know what I mean? I've been doing this work for a long time and the only person that's funded this work has been me.
What you saying on your end? Or you saying in general? Go ahead. I'm saying in general for, I've been doing this for the last 10 years, you understand me. And so any organization is open and reach out if they got something that they want to collaborate, resources that they want to contribute, initiatives that they want to, you know what I mean?
Produce together, we can figure that out always in some capacity. But what typically happens is when we are in a state of disagreement of conflict, that's when I hear from people the most. Well, I, um, I have definitely, um, reached out, you know what I mean? Um, not, uh, excessively, you know, but again, like I respect your platform, you know what I mean?
So I'm definitely trying to see how we can work together. So I I'm definitely, um, can say you're the only one. You know what I mean? Because I have definitely dedicated my life. Well, no, I ain't saying I'm the only person. I'm just speaking on what I've done on my side. I'm definitely not the only one. You know what I mean?
There's many stars in the sky. Definitely. I mean, so like, that's what I'm saying, like what, you know what I mean? What I have done on like what? Trying to be stripp away. Not, not only from me, but from the community. That's, that's where it affects. Like, I didn't see, I I do follow your, your page.
Well, I did know we had that we was coming to Brooklyn and at the time we was looking for venue spaces. You know what I'm saying? I seen, I like, we're doing it at this space. I, I, I'm like, okay, you good? Shoot. Because when we first put out a flyer, the way we operate is we first put it out, we don't work with, we not working with like Rock Nation or Live Nation Rally and all of that, where they just source it in.
We put out the filler. You understand me saying that, look, we want to do something in this loca or in this city who has a location. Right? Then we got people that communicate with that location. If what they communicate meets the agreement of what we want contractually, then we move forward. Right? And so unfortunately when we put that out there, it wasn't none of our people that hit back and was like, yo, we got a location.
We can do this. You know what I'm saying? Like, so when you doing it independent, it's really the only way you can get it done. Because without the, I'm not taking advertisement dollars in a white man's funding to get things done. I'm not even getting black businesses. That's funny. People end up just watching.
So when we get, when we get this type of tension, it's like, bro, I'm literally making a sacrifice to do all this work in the first place. So there should be some grace giving because even in an event like this, I'm almost likely just gonna break even anyway. You know what I'm saying? It's not like I'm charging the people a whole lot of money, but that break even is so I can pay my own people
a connection sacrifice, but I can't sacrifice my people. You get what I'm saying? Like somebody has to pay my people. And I think that in the minds of other people, like it's just infinite money out there is not like they have to do the work and they have to get paid and they get to go home and pay they bills.
I can't sacrifice they bills in they living situation. Everybody's situation. Not the same. Some people may be more comfortable than others.
Right?
Right.
I mean, I don't have no issue with that. I don't have no issue with you outside of what you call Uhuh, like what we talk about now. No, no, I understand that, but I'm just saying like it's that's, that's really the big issue is my people. You get what I'm saying? Like I have to pay them. I can't tell them, Hey, y'all just did all this work.
Now go home, figure out how to pay your bills. Right. I
didn't.
But at the, at the same time when, uh, uh, you know what I mean? Like right now, this is exactly what these, so, you know what I mean?
If anything come to the, come, come towards the end of,
come to the, towards the end, then I'll,
this, it has to take place. Right. But you still come out there. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I mean, I, people like
reached out. I mean, we not. He stuck in towards him, towards the states. I mean, because I get it. Didn't know brother highest.
Yes, sir. Financial literacy.
It's just challenging. I get it. You, I mean, I got people coming to me. I mean, I gotta show, I
like, like I could direct the energy a certain way and like, yo, these people are trying to confuse us. Trying to confuse the people. You know what I mean? Do what you do out
some type of, uh, you know, messaging to the people. Still a sense,
consideration,
still looking at it.
Figure something else out or, so, I mean, you me, I think that, I mean, I, that
value I at the dollar, look at the value. I'm not at the dollar. I'm telling you though, you don't, you don't understand. There's, there's a lot of things on the back end that like have to happen. Like right now, I get it. There's a sense of urgency of making sure, like, you know, threads are being cooled to make sure that everything goes according the plan.
So my people can get paid when they leave. Now here, here's the thing, this is what I, of course, your people pull up. The only thing I ask is they locked away a lot of people that are coming to come inside of that nature. And then I can always come out and absolutely, nah, we ain't gonna do it. Nah, nah, definitely gonna do it like that, right?
Not at all. I, but I'm saying it'll definitely be a presence there. But I know I direct, you know, I mean, because what, this is whats want, I mean, that's why I had to mention about, I mean, people teaching than me know what I mean? My, when my father told me that at, at a young boy, you know what I mean? The black, you know, you know what I mean?
My, my father is Clarence Junior two x, Marty Shabazz, the chief of Slave Theaters one and two, the president of j and j know what I mean? I thought that this knowledge was common, you know what I mean? As a young boy growing up. See what I'm saying? I didn't know that, you know? Uh.
Understandable. Understand well, was able to leave, we can build later on. I got some things that I do gotta tend to. Um, but yeah, man, you know, I guess we keep everything civil. You understand me? I'll do my one, two, come outside and greet the people. Uh, I mean, for now, that's all we have.
Okay.
So we can talk, you know, whatever you can because I know you what I mean. Cool.
How, of course. How are you guys? So nice to meet you. Nice, nice to meet you. Likewise. Keith, you good? Yeah. You need anything? Alright. And just like, I want keep this, for the most part, just kind of, I just want to get some crazy you.
It is a really good platform because people feel like they're outside of the traditional social media. You know what I mean? So yeah, they got video so you can actually go live the live automatically chops up the clips. Mm-hmm. And it can post it on YouTube for you. Okay. And or post the whole thing on YouTube as well for you.
And you're just going to see a little subject at the top. I just want to check in on like what we're doing on the screen though. Like what, what we want to do for that and do we have anything that we can send the course on, like get that ready right now as you guys were, you know, was talking about. Yeah, so I went, I talked to them.
They said we can't do slides. So they pretty much said we need some static images so we can do, I mean, we can do, we can do slides because we can do videos. Just do a video. Just do a video. Oh, I, we can do whatever you said. Who said we can do the slides? I talked to them in the man. He did say video though.
He did say we can do a video. But I didn't want to, for me video when I just, just lemme know with the vision, I'll take care of what, however it needs be taken care of. I just want know what we're doing. Yeah. The main thing is this. We want people to be able to see a map so they can see how everything looks on a map.
We want people to, people to be able to see what the passports look like. I don't know if you've seen it yet, but like these gold or silver looking branded cards. Mm-hmm. And um, do you already have like the images for those things? Yeah, yeah. We can just take a screenshot. I'll send 'em to you. Yeah, send it to me like right now if you can, because I can just have her set something up, put on some, uh, you know, queue up the slides, make a video.
What, what, what kind of slides? I mean what type of, uh, the carts you got, what they look like. Uh, these right here and then for the link. So like do, is it active right now? Like the, yep. Okay. So can you send me, can you send corson the link too? Yeah, yeah. I was about to actually, I want everybody to sign up to get their member to get up in the community for sure.
Right. Hundred percent. Let's, yeah, because I, I, we have everything going. And then when you get a second, if you can message Veeam to make sure that it's updated, like that link is on the 19 keys.com/links as well. Like that, you know what I'm saying? Like that sign up link is on that page. 'cause that's where like all the meet and greet photos and all those sort of things, people are gonna be funneling there too.
So when we do that slide, I'll make sure it directly goes to this link. But for other slides, I still want it to be present there as well. So I just want Beam to set that up like now, because I don't have that, I have that it's some passport so we can just show 'em like this. Like this is what you gonna see.
See once you become a Yep. Mm-hmm. Actually yeah, tomorrow. Got it. Tamara got it for the keys. Oh, where?
Yeah. So links, but being, and then pictures for, um, Corsa. Mm-hmm. And the link. And the link. Yeah. Mm-hmm.
What do you think? Keys? I'm just looking at the design because if you're not, if you want to like not show that, I think that's, even if it's like a generic, you know, you can do anything with it a number of ways. We also have three screens, so it could be like just main screen, it just be the static image that you already have and side screen could be like, maybe something more specific.
I don't know. Yeah, I show the map too.
I just know what this one, this is like a, like, I don't know if I'm gonna be able to do that. 'cause it's probably just gonna be like a slide. Unless I do, unless I do like a screen recording or something. But you just time to be honest, I get to put that in the video file, export it so we don't need to show the actual live link is what you said.
The, you say it again like the actual page. We can just give him a picture. I feel like that would be, unless, I mean, if you want to do something where you're like scrolling and stuff, maybe we could just do a screen recording, put that into a video, have like a video play without audio and that would be a solution.
Um, but I just know obviously it's gonna be easier if we just have like a static image, put it up, go to the slide. But I mean, it's not that much smart, difficult, it's just making it and making sure we have everything. Okay. I'm with it. I'm, you know, I'm, do what I can to make it work so I know what you wanna do.
Alright, I'll send you a picture then. Alright then. 4 45. So like 20 minutes. If you can get like, if we can get like, I don't know, like 20 signs by then because I just want have people get it when they walk in that stack right there where they all close is all signed already. Okay. Yes. Okay. It's like 15.
Okay. I think it's only like if you sign like 10 more. Alright. Uh,
more of a clear glass. Um, it can still have that goldish color to it though. Don't make it that blue color.
Oh man. Been in this New York a few days before. Been in a lot. Y'all stepped out last night. Wow. We just, uh, I did uh, Jim Jones podcast. Oh, you did make it. Okay. I was hoping you didn't make it all right. How was that? It was cool. Yeah. Yeah. I actually enjoyed it. Yeah. I ended enjoying, I like what he doing over there?
He building up dope. Yeah. He got a dope creative studio setting up. He running his own media platform. That's the way. Yeah. He gonna, that's the way for sure.
Lemme get him on the nation building now, man. Everybody. Yeah. He tech friendly too, man. Yeah, I know. He gonna, as soon as you tell him he gonna jump on him. Yeah. Just that dashboard to be able to see all your whole world in one place. Like that shit cold and like you said, so you still wanna do the substack way.
I think that was dope. Like let they charge their users. Do you have the affordable charger? Any of them? Any of the five Would be five. Yeah. I think I got two of them in my backpack. My backpack is, is that my backpack? See? Okay. Yeah,
just keep the camera on the door. He'll be back. Uh, okay. Cool. Cool. Yeah, I like that better. Which one? Silver one. Yeah, that's for the visa. I'm trying to think, I I'm thinking the colors as I am. Like it up being blue. Yeah. I keep getting this like, honestly, like this darker deep blue gold little edges or something like that.
Or even silver only. 'cause I'm just trying to think of like what's like they got, substack got like orange, you know what I'm saying? YouTube got red. Yeah. You feel me? Like Snapchat got yellow. So I'm trying to think of anything that just stand out as soon as you see it where it's just like Zion Blue.
Mm-hmm.
T red is already super mine.
Yeah.
Because we can eventually get to a point where we can turn these into physical ones or try IDs. I know a brother that do that. Those IDs will actually be recognized. Like if you actually want to use them in certain places legally.
See that could be for the, um, passport. Okay. So I say password, say visa. Yeah. That's hard though. That one look cleaner. I mean, we can always change it, but that look cool for like, um, having it on the stage real quick. Mm-hmm. Yeah. You wanna show the highest quality. Yeah. I want to put, put it through the sword too, and animated.
Let's get it. All right. Got your design. Yeah man, that's what you do. Wear many crowns, but this your, this is one of your first, I already know. So that's what, that's what I'd be looking forward to is that design feedback because it's all about the design. Like if we could take this, let's say we take this design ethos and the whole platform looks like that.
Mm-hmm. I think that'd be clean as well. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Background, like scrolling on that. Mm-hmm. Man.
So it'll be, so this is your profile page currently, right? So that would be right. That would be a dope screenshot too. Okay. Or just showing like that, but putting that right here so people can see it.
Yeah. Name photo two. That photo I think must have been a vertical one. We ain't got image edit on here yet.
Alright. So this how they program Look, it shows subscribers now. The beauty about theirs is, um, you go to create stacks and it show you paid subscribers, all subscribers, 30 debuts, stuff like that, right? Mm-hmm. Too much on here, you feel me? It's, it's all built in to where people can directly support if they want to.
You understand me. Um, then you have a feed. These is my activities and the feed. Then you got my posts that I made, which are mostly, you know, writing post because it's really about, you know, sharing articles, nature chat, that you can set that chat with people who are getting paid. Um, different things that I read, which I think is something that we really should still just like reads real article that people have read collections, like, um, but the bigger value of this whole thing is that this is about creating, you go here, you got a library where you, or camp article rather.
Where you create your article, add the title, write the article, and you gotta set up in a way where you can get a bulleted listed. You can make sure that the article is written a certain way. Okay. Where it feels professional, you can add pictures into it. Okay. Gotcha. But I feel like the, a title, the article makes people put them in a mood, right?
To like write long form thoughts. Mm-hmm. You feel me? And what you really want is like people creating them long form thoughts, you know what I mean? On the app. 'cause with anything, you know, it's still about how much time people using that app. That's fact. Yeah. Which I think that if we starting it off before we even got pictures, I think it's really about just sharing thoughts, you know what I mean?
Insights, you feel me? On things that you wouldn't get outside of social media. Long form insights where people are really thinking about things and thinking through things. I want people to be more philosophical in this. And then we can have a room where it comes to like organizing. So you have an idea and you have enough people that up vote and be like, we wanna organize around this.
So if I say, Hey, I wanna buy some land in Florida, you understand me now people can can like it or we can figure out what that is for us. Or it get to a point where other people can click on a button. That means I want organize mean, I wanna contribute to this. So that means that they can then be commenting on, this is how I could contribute to this project.
This is what I would be willing to do. Right now when people do that, I believe that if you don't like you get a score. You know what I mean? That says that you said you was gonna organize and be a part of something. You didn't, you have a low, you know what I mean? Credibility score. Right? You feel me? So now people don't take your request here people got a high credibility score.
Those are people, when they say they're going organize and they're gonna do something, they do it. Mm-hmm. You what I mean? Because that's what it's all about. Want credibility within the nation so you can trust that this person gave me their word. That's a real connection.
So it, it, it would come culture. Don't say what you don't. Way. Mm-hmm.
Yeah, that's, yeah. So we adding as we go along, you getting points for what you do do and then also subtracting points if you say you're gonna do something to back out. And that's all really easy to track too.
Then of course, you know, nobody has to show us proof of these things per se. But like when we talk assets, like we, we want you to have your goal, we want you to have, you know, land all of those things. We want to see as many people as possible where we can get their, like their assets to a certain level, their mindset, you know what I mean?
And their body. So like I did a BMI test the other day where you do like body mass index, you know what I mean? Fat, just real fat muscle, skeleton fat, things that nature. I'm at good levels, right? But I could get my biological age down even lower. You feel me? Like what if we don't even, we don't even upload your actual age.
We don't even know. Wanna know your biological age like that. That'd be cool. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's like pure date only. Yeah. Which your biological age and then like we ain't gotta know what your body mass index is, but it should be a part of your goal somehow. You can share that if you want to.
You feel, I mean, but um, we'll figure out things like that where it's a whole different metrics that inside this community won't be healthy as possible. Mm-hmm. We won't be mentally, you know what I mean? There's possible, well, we proof that we are, you feel highly aligned community mentally, spiritually, and financially because you have brothers in there with a bank.
You know what I mean? Get you loan brothers there, they help you with credit. Like everything can be about like making sure that you become a high level mm-hmm. In all capacity. Had that accountability built into Yeah. Because the tech is gonna tell you, this is what you said, this is where you at. Mm-hmm.
Tracking progress. Now we can track that progress that we make inside the group. Like, look, we got our group healthier, got smarter, boom. So it's like that z uh, figuring out what that Z looked like as a logo. You know what I mean? So when people drop you, you know, it came from our platform. Mm-hmm. So when they post it on social, something that came from Zion, it should feel different.
Mm-hmm. It should feel like, man, this is different. Yeah. I actually like those. Okay. Tell me if any of these stand out. You could. Damn, I thought this would look better. Maybe this could look, okay, here we go. Just focus on this. But, um, I trying to put a little globe in there, but
I said Don logo that use something like this. I couldn't get it right there.
I really do like these though. Go back. I'm trying to scroll. Put that Zion here though. Lie, gimme something tribal. Gimme something like from mother that's clean. It emphasizes a globe anyway. Mm-hmm. So you ain't even gotta have it in there because it's emphasis. So this is gonna be the guest Speakers.
Rolling. We got keys in here right now. Keys? This is, uh, Ryan Leslie Security. Okay. How you doing?
I know you.
Oh my god. I know people. Are you serious?
Name? Christ. Christoph. Christoph Christoff. Okay. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet. So Antoine's been helping us with like these, uh, nf, uh, NFC enabled purse.
We'll put some more chairs in here, kind of cleared up, but, um, lemme walk you through the, the other rooms A
Okay. Yeah, it's crazy. You like that one too, that I ain't know if it was too much. It's crazy. No, I think
automatically just sticks out. Mm-hmm. Wish we could maybe. Let's see. Um, just wish the Z was a little bit more pronounced so that way we ever just use the Z. Um, it stands out even if it's something in that Z also like these two i's at some point we can do something with that too.
Well that Save yourself logo. I want that on all of the screens. Anytime there is like downtime. So that particular logo. Um, let's see if there's anything else I can add right now, but probably not. I don't think I got the capacity.
Cloud is hell of a drug.
Alright,
keep my super mind in my hand, man,
a prayer.
Missing a suitcase. We're making it work. Uh, I got lost, but it should be here by seven.
He was just right here.
Um, I gonna keep two.
This only one. Only
I You have two. You have, you have a few. Okay. That's, um, and then here's your dis, not this.
What is,
yeah, not when your body is sore.
Woo. I'm testing that theory. I'm testing that theory, isn't it? Is testing me. That's for sure. You before though. Yeah. This is a factory
is.
Steve up there.
Well, I don move by force. Nobody force. You gotta gimme an opportunity. It gotta be respectful it nothing else.
Moment.
What's going on here y'all respect? Let's let the people go through. Check this out real quick. Not leaving. Tell us Steve got this scam. You looking at me? What's up? We not here to fight you. Check this out. Look, look. Cancel people over. Money's people over money. You understand? Y'all good? I ain't never been mad.
I've always been people. You understand me? But listen, the last 24 hours we didn't get to have a certain conversation. I don't know nothing about the politics that's going on out here. And I asked the brother, I said, does this go every time that they have an event? Yeah, brother. Every single event they
build. Absolutely. But space to try to force somebody to do something without communicating what that is. I don't important to, but it you what I'm saying
back.
Right? But we can't communicate.
Gimme one minute, yo. Family. Family. Real quick, real quick. Empress. That part. But look Empress now you right one. One moment. One moment. Because I spoke to the king earlier and I asked him to come out, right? One voice, one. I asked the brother to come out. Know what I mean? King, you know that the community. Is highly upset.
This is stolen land. That's the, that's the issue. Just how you found out in a short time. We found out in a short time. As soon as we found out, we reached out. We didn't get an answer. I spoke to you today a couple hours ago, but you gotta understand, I know from y'all end, it feels like soon as you reach out, somebody supposed to respond.
But we doing a lot of things too, though. No, but when we get, when we get a response on one minute, please. Real quick homework, it still a change of communication. We traveled around the whole planet. We ain't never had this issue. So this is the first time thing, but somebody from team, somebody.
But now you, you, you asked us to reach out and we didn't get nothing. I get, I called you today. Yeah, right. When the message time though, brother, yesterday,
I just started to today get what I'm saying. I to communicate to people, even be coming here, everybody,
and, and I tell them, wait, that is canceled. They even know communication.
But we would expect from you with knowing the history. You, you right. And I said, brother, I cannot stop what's happening. All I can do is wreck the energy a certain way. I mean, I, I said that to you. The community is upset, brother, you talking about over 40 years. He said you sacrificed what you did to get here to do this.
I would've picked any situation that's, I tried to tell you, brother, it's not gonna look good. So y'all heard about it and the first thought was, we gotta make the brother cancel. You understand, brother? I'm no. Wasn't listen, no, wasn't. Listen, listen. My message did not say that on what's going on. Okay, let's be clear.
I don't know if it's just something that somebody in the few come say, we watch people like this. Well, if it's a real thing, the community, he put everybody on the front line. He's controlling his face, he working for the, so he's got us on the front line with no ammunition. They laughing at us. I don't want,
well I told him the attention and then I was gonna tell them that I wouldn't and tell everybody else not to do event. But since I had all the family, all the people fly in, it was a lot to unmined last minute in one day. Dig it. But listen, I think you were getting that much more respect for, for standing on what you put out there.
But I do know that hundred percent. Just because I'm not moving in the way you want me ain me brother. It's not about me. It's like your brother. Now you get the word, yo, I'm on stolen. And it would've been better if there was a saying that. You can't build nation. What about land would've been better if you even gave me an alternative.
We didn't give an, you reached out to us at one o'clock. If you would've reached out to us yesterday, we got places. That's why I said, I said square feet. I said, yo, if the king reach out to me because we could got you somewhere else. Tell me about the, because you said it, it was a arrest. Said, you said, I did brother.
I said, yo. I said, yo, you got a face on Atlantic. You didn't say it. I was there. I did. I said, even if it wasn't there, the Brooklyn Bank Black owned what? I mean, I would expect Rashad one send. Nobody told us that. You know what I'm saying? No, nobody. But that's why when I reached out two, three days ago, a lot happened in the day.
I mean, we, that night I said, urgent mean? I found out about 10 something. I said, this is urgent, brother. I mean, because this is not a look good Look for your brain. I mean, it's not a good look for us to be out here. I mean what I mean, but like, we didn't get that call today. You see what I'm saying? I know you wanted me to shut.
You see peoples highly upset. That's
you just say, shut it down. I gotta get a lot of people coordinated the same way we got a lot of people coordinated. That's why I was hoping, because I know it takes a lot with the logistics. I know that soon, as soon as I did that post, I knew an exchange had to go. You know what I mean? Because you not going and you invested at that point.
You gotta get the people in the seat. I mean, but now
we, you know, the dollar amount whatsoever. I'm just trying to think through it, figure out the best solution. You let the people know. I'm not telling you what to do.
We do everything we do.
We gotta elect Mayor. We got black leaders and they ain't doing nothing and they ain't doing nothing due. We never had, this is genocide us right here. Gen right here. You doing this goes against the poor down right here in York City, thousands
of times we do one thing and we want tear each other down and we really being gas, I'm gas.
Ain't nobody tearing me down. But what I'm saying is we're using this moment to create a bigger weapon on my flashboard. Hold on. Yes sir. What's your name man? Wait a second. Hold on. Wait a second. I would've loved to just chuck this shit down because this is a lot going on. But again, I do have people that fly in and out.
I gotta organize them. There's a lot of things going on. I would rather bring got over hundred families would rather bring them here than tell them what's going on versus shut it down and they like keys. What happened And they coming from, if they, you got an opportunity to tell them what's going on. I get it.
Lemme tell you what's going on. Lemme tell. Okay. Well lemme communicate to you. What's going on in Brooklyn? Cannot. No you don't. I don't think you do, brother. I don't think you research after the brother told me and I the homework. I don't think you let, let, let you see my eyes. I don't think you understand what's going on there.
Here's a 83-year-old woman right now that's homeless in a shelter who's had a house for 50 years. Right now that we know that's a part of this coalition. Yes, this is real. This is really happening to the people in Brooklyn and Queens in Bronx, New York City is not whatever y'all thought it was. It's not.
And we trying to you, I appreciate you speaking. I'm an outsider, right? Are you Dunno the politic, but I know the black struggle. All what I'm saying. Yes sir. So listen, listen. How about this? How about this? Gimme an alternative. We'll move on. Alternative. You know what I mean? I'm not a hard brother to work with the, because I gotta bring the people somewhere.
I gotta take them somewhere. Got a lot of people coming from all over. I able to get them mess. Yeah. I need to go take them somewhere every day.
If I, I still gotta tell them to go. They coming in just saying
different way. This is the situation we're in right now. So let's
what, seven o'clock.
But if would've got days ago, I would've options
again, we didn't even announce this venue, like I said, a recent time. But I wish happen. I'm saying I wish, I wish this could have happened. As soon as we announced the venue, we had a time to like, just situation. It's the reality of the matter 20 right now to go on right now. People, their hard earned money to go see him.
You know what I'm saying? Like, I understand the history of this, what you're telling me right now. Right? So I'm just saying we have people that literally came all over just to see him. You know what I mean?
Don't think we, we gonna figure out.
He said, okay, are you canceling these event brother? I can't check your right now. That's right, that's right. That's right. Wonderful. My name is need the leader of, you know, I'm perform.
So do that somewhere else. I mean, we gonna do that. Find somewhere else. Whatever money you are losing, let the community raise the can. This, you can't do this to the community.
I know, but don't do this. If you do this, it's like you wash your hands, you wipe it on the floor. You understand? Right. I understand. You understand. Because they stole it from this brother's family. Sir nor Brooklyn respect the land. They stole it. It from him. If you perform respect, it's like you, the community, people died on this fucking black face.
Respect the people who died on the concrete respect. The fucking immigrants who fucking worked hard to have their establishments. This is a Caribbean. You treating you, you, you treating the community like I'm not treating C. Once you found talking to the community, this is what happened. That's not how life her brother, you don't just say a comment on Instagram, black face.
So now you ain't being respectful man. Black face. I ain't respect, I don't operate like that black face. But you know what, thank telling them there's an thank you for talking to people. My only thing though, only thing I tell nigga nobody cheerleader, hold on. I'm not talking about people. That's why I don't say things.
I respect the military. I respect the empowerment. But when it's exploitation you have to, that always keep in mind, you come into a hood that suffer you black. At the end of the day, we all fuck Africa. Whatever it is. Remember motherfuckers that's doing in the dirt, the racist is not personal to you necessarily.
We gotta all, we gotta always apply pressure. It's all personal. No matter who is our own people, we gotta do this shit with best friend. I had to fucking let them know you doing an event here for the fucking Marcus Gar. You and I. Hey that's the longest organization I to down black. We don't play that for nobody.
Black face, white you lucky you black, white, black face white face white face white. D black white D white face white, white, white. Understand white, front white. You black. Telling respect, shut it down. It's for reason. Understand on principle and business because when you go to any hook anywhere black people are at, remember that cage?
I don't, I don't get pissed. Street shit. We black, we suffering. So we gotta fight to the fucking put us in cage cages. It's a lot of devils here. Black is not against my brother, it's not against my sister. But the I stop you from going in there. Guess who's gonna call the police on me? And guess who gonna end up in a booking Me for us doing this to each other.
Fault saying between you and the police. I wouldn't let, it's a snake that did this shit saying I'm not here to be, I don't really know. I'm from the street people street. They don't have no control jurisdiction over me. I got check for them though. City, homeless, shelter, prison, industrial. We, I just want you a stop prison with the Y fucking monitor and the fucking community liaison.
There's no service Hill. He got say you Hill stole property, ground hill.
And if we don't. For them to keep hell abusing us
property.
Cardiologist, I got, I got appointments. Focus on that breath. But see, this is what I'm saying. Brother
and I still put up
property. Can we teach? So it's already a sacrifice. So it's not like a, a property endeavor. It's a people endeavor anyway. So if the people don't want it to happen, you understand me, then it is what it is. Figure out an find another right now. I'll give hundred. I don't give a fucking hundred to the on event that right now.
That's my word. Word. I'll give you my money to help. I done that. I,
you who talking to, and I know who I'm talking.
You know, I'm from Oakland. Get, you know, how been,
how you doing this RAs here, they're trying to steal her property. You see what I'm saying? We have over, uh, hundreds of people that's calling us because these, these properties, these institutions, they set a precedent. Right. And by these different elected officials being complacent and allowing a fraud to happen.
You know what I mean? It is letting any, uh, uh, uh, setting a precedent for it to happen to residential homes, people's land, and all of that. So you as a brother, with the impact that you have, is powerful brother. And standing with us, the sex, another precedent, like, oh, they coming together. I'm already with you though.
It never been a separation. We just ain't communicated with them hell. But there's only one ward, dark and light. It's us versus them. You understand me? I believe that. This is Wendy. This is 19 keys. 19 keys. I mean, and uh, yeah, we, in the process of getting her property back. Thank you.
Tomorrow we gotta meet with the Ag attorney General. Me after 12, 15 years that he got a 14 days notice, she got a 14 days notice. Even that the DA is saying that we getting our properties back. Wow. It's been month. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Okay. We're supposed to get her houses back. Two houses.
We still didn't get any deed back. And then go get a 14 day notice. Yesterday I a 14 days notice yesterday. Yesterday I got a 14 days notice on the 14. I have to show
Hill Crown Hill. We got a sister working on the, uh, crown Hill. Crown Hill Hill stole that property. Ground Hill. Ground Hill. Stolen property, ground hill, stolen property, ground hill, stolen property, ground hill property hill you to pay. Right. I, I'm saying everything and I know that's not gonna be in our community for half a second other than that man's house, but we, it gonna be right to them.
Too much people that they're trying to steal this property. I understand. I understand what you mean by that. Respectfully. The only thing I'll add on that though is we have a whole team, and this is a whole economy itself as well. I'm just making we got anything rolling. What? My sister Nicholas bookstore.
I wonder if we can go over there or something. I don't mind if the energy is bad. We gotta keep, this is the safe, so I wanna make sure that we all, we here to make a solution.
What we.
A lot going on out here right now. I
Anybody else? You know
one thing I learned control narrative.
I look at it, no good deed goes in what? It's not about what happens, it's how you respond. And in this world, you know the narrative stories that they tell are dangerous because a brother can be doing work for all these years and now his enemies want to take a narrative. He don't give you enemy, no amo to shoot you and assassinate your character.
That's what he was gonna do. When we actually looking for an alternative venue to go see if we can take it somewhere else. I wanna make sure the energy is right. Yeah. I can't be in there talking about nation building outside. You gotta have community. Even if it's a small group, you, that's just not my energy.
We never had that. We won't have that.
I love the fact that you brought my daughter, my daughter
gave you the following day. Much
I, I love it. But I definitely want of thing. We need that like a, that's what we need. All this. I get what they're saying, but guess what I, everybody know calling. Right? We unit together. I think it'll work out better. They need to understand where your guys are coming from, what I'm saying. Then perform and we can, you know, the way this is going,
piss me.
How you feeling man? Another chapter, man,
something was gonna happen. We figure things
stand outside for a little bit.
Hill. Yes. Abundance. Abundance.
What's up? What's up? How you man? Hey. Yeah, good seeing you too, man. Yeah, no, you taller too. Lemme take a picture with you. Y'all, Mr. Word, man.
This is a brother that I look up to. This is a bro. I told this brother, I said I'll, I will follow his lead, man. I don't have no problem doing that man at all. You heard be out there saving to you, man. Teaching them, giving them the stories that they need. Appreciate you, man. You be out there with the ketchup and the, you gonna put that work in?
No, no doubt, man. How long you for?
Okay.
I thought Y was ice for a minute. I talking, Hey he's citizen. What this about?
Everybody get here outside a some ball. So real quick, we just need a mic. That's it. Bring the cameras outside. Stand with the, we can even let them tell that stuff. But he gotta be calm. That's the only, only gotta be calm. We let him tell what's going on. Ally him. Then y'all gonna watch this. Know how we gonna do Stop too next.
Oh man. But yeah bro. But you know, trying to do stuff, man again, that's the thing of the day for no good deal goes unpunished. I mean shit dis to lose to a win game period. That's all it is. I mean the crowd is not that sophisticated. The operate would be the most simple, but things like that work grab attention.
And this attention economy, people don't think, right, so all they see is a narrative that they would run with, right? So you have to always play narrative warfare and how you control your story and the outcome of it. Right? Right. In the midst of something, you have to learn how to pivot. I have a very unique brand that is positioned for the people.
You understand me? So it is, you don't ever want to give the enemy the fuel to go against you. 'cause it could be one score that they used forever. You understand me? That's what I said. We don do. I said we not, not gonna cancel the event, but we can cancel the venue. Right? Because Benjamin Yahoo just told them, man, use social media for the battle of the mind.
Unfortunately, our people be using social media to battle each other. I'm, I'm the last person you should be trying to use it against. I'm trying to say this
stretch stretcher, but I think the best time to do anything, I'll tell him. You gotta take time to think. That's all it is. Everything intellectually can be soft. With thinking. Thinking, yeah. Meet people where they at. Don't make promises you can't keep. You understand me. Keep your words by you. Understand me.
Be malleable, be coachable. Learn. Take everything as a lesson and nothing as a loss. Every knock is a boost. So says Honorable Minister Lewis Farhan. So we just been boosted up.
See how quiet again, you don't hear it. Chaos. The noise
are hurt, man.
Do brother sell out
people outside. But we gotta let everybody who come faster can tell them what we doing there.
Properties
my going for,
they got some land theft dispute between the community and doing taxi theft and queen, mother, queen. All our people, yo, all our people, we ain't safe. Nobody's safe. Y'all make it. And Doug Jones. So nobody's safe and this is going to be a sundown state. Nobody's gonna be able to come out
this army right here. Ain't nothing going be.
They divide and they separate all our black people. Everybody should be one, you know, for the people. So trying to figure out what's the best alternative. So many people, that's right, burning between those people, things of that nature. Protesting charge, emotional energy. So can't really negotiate this point.
Have to this, none of these politicians are for you. They're only for Israel. They're not for you. Oh, we know that. You know, you know. But the money, they trying to do better.
Crazy. Let them know this is what we do know. We raise shelters. You know how many of our people, they make money off the shelters? That nasty Como, you know how much money they make off our hat? And there's a bond. There's a bond for every single one of us. And we had gone, right? Just when you see my face, we'll blur it.
All the building politicians, the
to the uh, okay. Oh my. I was gonna ask how know Queen of fool live right around the corner? I just talked to her and they trying to steal her property as well. You just gave me a rundown.
I'm against any tax deed that I'm against any gentrification and it that man us doing it. So I'm always with the will of the people. I gotta make sure I take care of my people and the people at the same time. So I'm a thinker. I just take time to think about what's the alternative, what's the best solution.
Then we move forward. Stab. Process on how to move. People are hurt. You understand me? They didn't been through things. So I can feel the pain, tired of all across the world teaching our So it is what it is. I can understand they came here. They know that my platform is for our people. So they want use that so that they can also project their story about what's going on here, Brooklyn.
And though it has nothing to do with me, it is an opportunity that they can utilize because I have a platform all by the planet Earth to try to solve these kind of problems. So what do you plan on doing next for you? Well, right now we have to let our people show up so we can communicate to them what we believe our next steps should be.
Definitely right? Because we have people coming from different countries, different states. They spent their hard earned money. They mean they got dressed, we would have to refund them. Now we do an independent tour. Now they dunno our finances. You understand me? But when you do a tour, you get a disruption like that that could mess as a whole chain of events.
Now all the people that we wanna help independently, because we don't get outside funding, might not be able to do that each and every time. You understand me? So there's a ripple effect to everything that happens. And even though we get emotional, I just want to employee that we start thinking, you understand me?
'cause for me, I'm gonna think about the people, right? But they think about what I'm doing for the people. So at the end of the day, we would want our people to show up so we can speak to the people that had the intentions of coming out here. Because if we just drop it on social media, everybody, nobody see it.
And this is what, what is the event about? What is this? Like this event is about nature. Yeah. Okay. You understand me? It's about us having our transfer wealth. Now you understand me? It's about higher conscience building community. We teach cognitive warfare. Understand me, just like the, the genocidal, uh, BI said that social media, you understand means is used for warfare, right?
So we try to teach people how not to get their mind enslaved when they on the phone. So we go and we do cognitive training where we go, we teach wellness. We had a wellness practitioner from Brooklyn. She come in there doing free cryotherapy for people. You know what I mean? They're cell therapy people.
They understand being massage therapy because we teach in longevity and health. So our movement is a comprehensive movement that is for the community. So the speaker, you have movement? Yeah, I was, I wasn't sure Play or No, no, we don't do no paint. Okay. It's like a, you can consider it the most radical renaissance that's ever occurred.
So, and are there community members at the meeting? Are there community members in Brooklyn? Are there people from Brooklyn? Yeah, I just told you we got, we got a few business owners that's gonna be there, that's working with us that we putting on and they coming too.
No, that's fine. I don't mind speaking because I got my own platform. So anything I want Correct, I'll just correct. Yeah, yeah. It's a chance, you know. Anyway, thank you. Um, I hope everything goes well tonight. It will.
What time is it? 10.
They were pro
system for pipeline. Say pipeline. Where Wendy, you see her right there. The Jewish in jail stole her
planning. Go get a little bit of, and this man, she,
she, look, I can show you the 14 k we
show you text she with today. Listen, I just had a grandson. I'm not even at, not
technically, same situation. You know what I,
the restoration
today, so I didn't, I That was today. No premium organized. Had no, I'm, I swear I'm not even saying that. It is, it's the best thick bro. It's the best mic, the best sound system we've ever had, I swear. Other than maybe Houston, but the mic's good though. But, uh. So you, you like, because the only other thing we was thinking about, we bring everybody that coming tell 'em what we're about to do.
You take them back outside. That's what I'm saying, you had to save yourself outside. That's what I was thinking. Like you still, they're still making me to be an inside element just to like communicate with people because there's so many people that's gonna come in and stuff. I know they gonna trip off of that, but I mean, you, you, you in the endgame, you feel me?
So it's like, either way, you know, there's not a perfect solution. We just have to do what's best and what we can do. And I, I'm always a fan of like, this is the plan. It may not be the best, most powerful thing, but like, we know we can do this, so let's do this. You know? Um, so with that being said, do we have a chain of communication for everybody that showed for that?
Bought a tv? I have everybody's phone number. I have everybody's, you know, I have everybody's direct line. We can send out a message, you know, uh, do have access to that. Um, for the most part, I mean, yeah, I think we have everybody's contact for the most part other than like maybe some like VIP people that didn't put in their phone, but.
Um,
okay, well we got to a seven. Uh, what we will do is we shall out, we just let the people show up. Understand me. Guess we gotta take this shit around the block and there's an alternative venue and we'll take it there. Steve, you ready to start selling? We'll, push our narrative. Try to get people to buy merchandise and support, et cetera.
Get a little flux online. Other than that, I wouldn't feel comfortable having a three hour show while the narratives online and swirling.
Be careful, man. Sometimes you win one match, right? A fighters
social media is a dangerous place, man. This is nothing.
It's never the war. Exactly what enemy wants.
I'm all about. It's called in Brooklyn
and they have,
I dunno, peace 19 case. How you doing man? My name's Jabari man. How you doing today?
I'm just curious. I know it's a lot of going on today. This is, if you don't, this is the black lady leader
thought
what I'm saying. This is all ground roots. That's why nobody else does it, because nobody else is willing to put all the money back into.
Of the day, I'm bored. And with the people we deal with, two prong process. You have the emotions and the passion of the people that are caught up in it in the direct community. Then you have the narrative warfare that's played online. They talking about, you know, the Jews took place and then I look at duty Nya, what did he say?
He say social media. You understand me, is where the new battlefield is. The new Warfield is. So what would he love? He would love for somebody like myself to be in conflict with my own people, to be torn down. You know what I mean? We just gotta understand whose working we doing. You feel me? And so for me though, at the end of the day, I'm just looking for a solution.
I got a lot of people coming from a lot of places. My priority is communicate with the people that came from me. You understand me? To make sure that you done came from a whole nother country. I can't just tell you whatever was somebody protesting you, shut it down. I gotta communicate to you respectfully.
If you took time out your day, you spent money, you got dressed, you understand me? And you came here to be here to get some knowledge in the time when we at war. Mm-hmm. You feel me? All of this is warfare. There ain't just one war going on. Mm-hmm. You feel me? And so we gotta be cognitive of that. You feel me?
So at the end of the day, I'm gonna let the people show up, then I'm gonna communicate to them, and most likely we just bring it outside. Mm-hmm. If there was an alternative venue, we'll go to that. But they trying to charge us for an alternative venue who go pay for that. Mm-hmm. You get what I'm saying? So.
Well, they said the restoration was, it's a, it's an interesting game that we play when we trying to do stuff for our people because no good deed goes unpunished. A hundred percent. And I, I see you spoke to Omar Hardy. I got, I don't know if you told his sister his five. Yeah, I talked about four as well just now.
She called in, not that sister. Yeah. Not to get off context, but years ago I actually helped clean the space. Queen of Food was here. I know. He knows my family. We know each other's family, you know, so I've been streets for years here. You know. Um, you're from Oakland, if I'm correct? Yeah. I'm from Oakland. So I just came from Oakland about a month ago.
They also deal with things where people being gentrified. Okay, sure. That's why I got my start. Yeah, yeah. Speaking, speaking in large crowds about things of that nature. Before that was any social media. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Man, I'm with this, you know, so they, they, uh, you could compare and contrast different things with Brooklyn, I'm sure in Oakland, if I'm correct.
Correct me if I'm wrong. Across the planet hurts, man. I just left a million. I left. Yeah. So I feel like that's what lot of the emotions is coming from too. You know, as somebody from Bed style, Brooklyn, I was born and raised here and my mother first started from, you know, um, I seen the changes throughout the years.
I seen what people was going through. I seen people getting kicked out. I seen how these youth people with slum boards. Oh, a hundred percent. Um, even in my own situation, you feel me? Um, and not to get off course, but Yeah, man. Um, but I know you're looking for a solution here. Um, but do you understand where people coming from this side?
Well, a hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah. What I mean, you what I mean, the truth always requires two perspective. Yeah. Make sure you see both sides. A hundred percent. Yeah. So again, I'm, I'm dealing with a multidimensional perspective. Yeah. If you was in my shoes, you don't understand the weight of every decision that I make, you know what I'm saying?
'cause otherwise it's not possible. 'cause you know, it does let me know that they weren't planning on coming to the show. Yeah, yeah. Would've seen that theater up there. Somebody would let. Me know earlier. Yeah, yeah. You know what, what I'm saying? So, and what I'm always, so I'm guessing when y'all came, y'all wasn't informed already of the history?
No, none of that man. No, none of that. Boy, we also never had a problem like this before. I see, I see. So it was nothing a red flag. I been no book. Can we go hard venues any events for 10 years. We've never had an issue, ever. You feel me? Anything even close to that. Mm-hmm. So again, it's a new thing that we throw in with the team and we start thinking about experiences that buildings mm-hmm.
Seeing what's going on with the community and things of that nature. Mm-hmm. You feel me? Yeah. Yeah. So you're trying to see from both sides, but at the same time you also have people, it's catered to your event already. It's an economy, it's a business decision that you gotta make. How many months before do you promote this event?
Uh, if you don't mind me asking, man, we probably been promoting this will last three, four months. Three, four months. Yes sir. Yeah. What's happening with you in the hood? Hood? Yeah. Outside. Outside, man. So from what I was told from Omar, Peter, Peter, you spoke to that man, Peter. And so from Omar's perspective, he's a strong man.
He's the Jewish owner, a bitter man. Yeah. Jewish owner has a face for this place. That's what I gather. Um, so it gets a little deeper. Um, that's Omar's perspective. I know Omar for years. Um, so I I'm sure maybe y'all wasn't uninformed of it. Um, but I mean, you know, we got a, we got a lean team. We can't, we can't know everything.
I know. You look at social media and you be like, all these stages. Yeah. Man, this don't happen unless we got the will to come teach to people. Nah, a hundred percent. And I'm sure maybe I'm sure from both sides we got similar goals. Maybe. I would hope so. All I'm doing is nation built. Yeah. Yeah. Man, I'm raising up young men to be men, young women to be women trying to get us some power.
We had war, there's many wars going on. Mm-hmm. And we gotta remember that at all times. Yeah. Never just one war. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Understand me. The enemy will love me off the board, if you could put in one word what you want to showcase for the end of the event, what would it be and the message you wanna put out.
Yes. One word. Sovereignty. Sovereignty. That's always the word. Why sovereignty? Because that's ultimate freedom and liberation. Mm-hmm. The ability to be able to make decisions, you know what I mean? To ability to be able to move as you want to. Mm-hmm. Unencumbered by somebody else. You know what I mean?
Putting limitations on your freedom, on your power, on your ownership. Yes sir. You know, I mean, at the end of the day. Gotcha. We gotta be intellectual with everything that we do because our enemy is thinking more and more ways. Mm-hmm. Your enemy will take this and take it further than somebody else. You understand me?
Try to run a narrative it against and it will not work for you at all. It would work for him. Mm-hmm. We gotta be thinking people. It's somewhere around know you playing in the hands of our enemy or our friends. I'm a friend. And if you could put it into perspective, what is resolution to you?
Clarity or how you define it? Sorry. I mean, a resolution is when two parties communicate to come to an agreement and have clarity on the best way to move forward. Mm-hmm. Understand me. Mm-hmm. But it always has to be respect. Mm-hmm. Respect, if anything done without respect would just be met with force.
Mm-hmm. Heard, understood. Understood. Yeah. So I just wanted to clear up bit both sides, you feel me? Yes sir. I document the streets. I've been seeing the machine just throughout the years, so don't fuck with these devils. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Devils don't fuck with us. Know what I mean? I'm sure it's a target on my back daily.
Mm-hmm. You understand me, but we live, breathe, we die for this, we kill for this. Mm-hmm. You know what I mean? In real life, you know what I mean? You do what I do. You never know how long you got on this planet earth. So I don't wanna spend my time, have my own people in opposition. Nah, you supposed to be standing with me, supposed to be protecting what we doing.
Mm-hmm. Because I, I guarantee you ain't gonna be too many that can replace what I'm doing. Mm-hmm. Are you familiar? I take my work serious. Oh yeah. Sorry to cut you off, but, um, are you familiar with. I know, you know Khali Mohamed, his speech at Slave Theater. Nah, I'm not familiar with everything. Yeah, yeah.
Well, Hamm, I'm from West Coast, so, okay. He used part the era while you feel me? Yeah, I know. I'm sure. I'm guessing y'all k Muhammad Khali Moham. Yes, sir. Khali or Khali? Khali bomb. Yeah. Yeah. Baldhead K Muhammad. Oh yeah. He spoke at the Slave Theater that my favorite brother, he spoke of the slave theater, shiny baldhead guy, like the top right off Fulton Street.
Slave Theater was associated with the Black Lady Theater right here. That was his father's, uh, space, you feel me? So it's a lot of history here. He was here, uh, Reverend, um, what's his name? Uh, I can't think of his name right now. So we picked people. This white spot, just the wrong time. So that's all it is.
Y'all should came with Black Lady Theater. Well, ain't nobody this either, man. You know, we've been doing this for a long time, man. Yeah, a lot of it's a little history too. Everybody be knowing you, but everybody just be watching. Yeah. You feel me? So it's like we don't get invited to these spaces. We just come to these spaces.
Yeah, a hundred percent. I don't know what's going on in everybody world. I'm making my own rules so we can move so I can reach the people that's tapped in with me. Mm-hmm. And at the end of the day, I gotta build with my tribe. Mm-hmm. You know, I know everybody wants you to be concerned about them, but are we having that ability to go back and forth empathetically as a people to We concerned about both each other movements?
Yeah. Mm-hmm. Understand me. It's just that type of thing. Don't celebrity me man. I'm with the people I'm outside. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. And I actually just came, I just came from Oakland, so I went to the, I actually went to the museum over there too. So I gotta see the history, the Black Panther, the movements.
Even my, my family's side too, like my mom's side. So I understand too is like, you know, there's also, there's similarities, there's also differences based on this, you know, space and stuff like that. We in the city environment, so we go through different differences, you know, so, um, I hope there could be some resolution too.
So I just wanna get both, both sides, you know, appreciate this besides a journalist, you feel me? Yeah, man. Black journalist man. Are y'all all together? Right? Story the right way. Here you go to see bro. Can I get a shot? Get my super,
you feel me? I was dumb still, but I'm gonna get y'all photo, you feel me? Man, what's us man? I photograph all black people. All this division. Shit ain't real. That's emotions. Alright, cool, cool. Respect
my brother doing man. Gucci. You know I'm from crimes. I ain't know that. Why you ain't tell me that now you, why you ain't telling me that Know bro Saying yeah. I blame it on him. That's warning. Mm-hmm. How about this? I don't know what's going on. What's going on? They the stole from, you know, they hurt
that important to me. So you know, if I had the information ahead of
it's what, it's,
we can start moving.
I don't remember being there. This ain't this baby yesterday. This I know. I definitely, they said they, I probably, um, yeah, this to go over and dot.
But to do this to a guest instead of build, they ain't building to me like this is like some other stuff. You know what I mean? Pizza,
pizza. 30 days. How you I feel good, man. So I'm good, man. Always endorse you. Always endorsed. We got real enemies. So this is, I always say this is easy. That's right. That's a powerful enough enemy. I don't think about the real, we really at war in real life, this is, this is a small infraction, but it matters because you don't put out the right narrative,
be controlled in that particular matter. So it's more so being strategic because we continue
times,
but you cannot negotiate with I I my move.
People only care about what they know. They don't, they don't think about what other people lives are. It's like they think everybody's living in bubble. You know what I mean? And you just living great. Then when your problems come up, that's the only ones in the world that should be given because when you in survival mode, all you got is this.
It does how reactive. Know what I mean? My, my job is to always keep multiple perspectives and hold that all the time. Do this against all lives. Yeah. Yeah. Supposed to get done.
Understood. Wherever. Right. For yourself. Totally respect. I appreciate that. You understand, you know, appreciate We're not just here for today. Yes, sir. And the mission bigger than, yes, sir. I'm right Now we're dealing in a world where truth is just one of them. They're me, but I've done more for this food stretch in the last 60 months.
Me, man. Yeah, yeah. You didn't do nothing. Absolutely nothing. But it's one of those things, sometimes people are hurt, man, and we compound the pain. I mean, listen, an unfortunate situation. I say as a black man,
it's not my work to do.
I gonna bring for father did that shit. So no, no, no, no. So they choose yesterday, show up. They're, you understand they going,
you right.
Have a conversation. They don't want that. They
Alright. No problem. It so listen it so confusion. I, I heard and however we coming to hear the message. But we understand and I'm sure you understand. That's why I didn't want all this confusion because it's, it's like you're coming from all the way across the, you know what I'm saying? We coming from a whole nother boat.
We don't want to stop the message. We still want to be here to stand in solidarity with everybody. But we want to hear the message. What's the details? You know? I mean, that's it. We, we'll bring the people, everybody outside. Alright. I'll let you know. There you go. I think now or never. Right. You know what I mean?
We don't have time to figure out when things are pretty Right. Don't have time for it. Right. You know what I mean? Like time is short right now and devils stay organized. Right. And they going have us going against each other, like having passive aggressive conversations that turn into arguments that turn into, I don't like you shut up.
No, we not doing that. We all here for the same fight. We not doing that. This man is here. My, my leader is right here. All you black men is out here. Black women is out here. We stand in firm. Enough is enough. It's over with. We doing this shit out here. We going to hear this man message. Fuck this building.
Fuck this building. We gonna do right here.
Fucking go.
Where's Antoine at? No, I'm saying fuck the building. Where's Antoine
on? I just didn't want argue on him. Text Antoine Real. How you doing? Nice to meet you.
Gentrification. Since thousand 12, we've been working with this brother and this family since 2019. They're still I court fighting over this place. Right? You already know the deal. White development firm. This is like that we all love and his family has been, the culture has been a cultural story. We just want, if again, if he can speak, we spoke.
Listen, I am the people. There's no people doing the thing. I am the people. There's no separation. There's no us versus them. I am here for the people. I hear the brother's story. There's no separation. There's no lack of communication. There's no lack of clarification. I have to make sure what I came here to do.
I still do. If we do it in a different manner, it don't matter. We have war, right? You get what I'm saying? And there's multiple wars going on at all times. But I have to get my message for what I'm doing. And I told the brother, Kenny, after the event. I will give his message to the world. I told him that before we came.
Here you go. So I'm making time for his message and all of the people, that's why I'm outside. Can he speak tonight, Imani? I just told you my brother just said it. Okay, that's fine. Is that okay with you? Yeah, yeah. No, that's good. Like I said, we spoke earlier, delivered that. At the end of the day, I'm,
but what becomes dictated is the will of the way my team is moving right now. Then we work with the people as well, because we won't be hijacked in the way that we moving. You get what I'm saying? Because everything we doing is for the people anyway. There's no separation. You know what I mean? The people that got real power, those are my real enemies.
That part. Honest, that's what we wanted to make. I ain't not a black person on this planet. Got enough power to be my enemy. Come on.
That's, that's exactly what matters. And that's why we approach, you know, you, you know, like you said, look, we, at the end of the day, we making a sacrifice that we do these. You understand me from the outside, it can look good as all it want to, but we are grassroots with everything that we do. We ain't had a black sponsor, ain't had a white sponsor yet.
We going around teaching our people, you understand me when it's a goddamn entertainment or it's a concert we show up in throws when it's a black man trying to do something. We just watching that shit and the real warfare that's gonna get y'all children gonna happen on your phones, it ain't gonna happen inside the building.
And we trying to get a game that ain't nobody even know that's happening. There's an invisible war. So at the end of the day, I'm being, I'm, I'm, I'm here with my people. I'm hearing all y'all listen. There's a lot of wars. I just want y'all to understand that. That's right. You understand me. Like what we've discussing tonight is all about nation building.
That's right. Right. We built out a whole platform to where we can streamline things like this so we don't have to. You didn't vet this or you didn't talk to this person, that ain't gonna never work because there's no central power. We don't control the lines of communication. We don't control the goddamn platform.
So we yelling at each other, but not communicating and listening. Right. So I can't speak to nobody emotions. I can only speak to a solution that's, you get what I'm saying? That's it. So what we gonna do is we gonna allow the people that paid to show up to show up so I can tell them what the next move is.
So I'm gonna calmly do that and then we can take it down the street. We can take it to a park. It don't matter, you feel me? But what we do, I put my blood, sweat and tears, my team making a sacrifice to be out here. We taking a I'm Go ahead. My bad. Got it. You got it? Yes sir. I'm hearing you. But we coming from different places, right?
You feel me? Spending our hard on money. You feel me? Now I gotta pay these people outta what? Right. I'm gonna figure it out. That's how I lead. Can figure it out together, brother. You know what I'm saying? So we gonna move forward because it's all about saving yourself anyway. And these my people, you feel me?
We need a whole army. We need brothers ready to live, kill and die for this. Right? When you talking about the real enemies, it ain't the brother that's leasing the building. That enemy got way more power than that. It's the brother that's controlling your phone. You understand? But we can't allow our people to allow themselves to be utilized as a tool for destruction.
And that would be a tool for destruction if we communicate with each other and make it constructive. There's multiple ways to go to war. There's all kinds of strategies. There's one strategy to bring attention. There's another strategy behind the scenes. You understand me? Absolutely. And so we have to be on one line to give each other grace and trust each other.
Otherwise we can't go nowhere. Anyway, I'm gonna agree with you, and I'm gonna say this to you among us, they divide races. And also when we are at each other, we have a lot of juice to fight each other. But the enemy, we do not. Dis learned that yet. That's the whole move. Don't believe that yet. Not the people out here.
Because the attitudes and the disrespect, we don't know how to value each other. Mm-hmm. Period. We're very disrespectful to each other. But when we face the other populous people, I agree. We bow down, we got knee pads on all day. I agree. And one thing a person can never say is keys don't bow down on nobody.
You know what I'm saying? I stay God body 10 toes down. I put my life on it. So we need to, I mean, that's a reason why nobody else doing what I'm doing. We need to have more energy for support, but we gotta have respect when people come into the community. You can't be writing on the ground that kids is this, that and the third.
That's disrespect. I'm not gonna meet it with disrespect. I'm gonna meet the people. 'cause I know it's being emotional and it's a hundred percent what you're saying. But you gotta also remember, I'm speaking to y'all now, acknowledge you also remember that, that, that we don't control the people. Right. We, we do what we can and, and whatever the people do, that's what the people do.
This building right here is historic. This building has been here. This you don't know, black lady, you don't know, right? You not from here. So let me let you know, brother, let know, understand. I don't wanna go back and forth, but I'm telling you because you made a statement about whatever somebody put on the floor about whatever somebody said out here, because we don't, I'm speaking on disrespect.
We don't control those people. Have I been disrespectful to You have the brother, oh, chief Omar been disrespectful to you. All right. So that's what we talking about here. So as we, we not in private right now, okay? We got phones, we got phones out, social media things we got. I'm not on, I'm not on social media.
Listen, listen, you got, you got a camera right here, brother. They turn it off and I'll turn mine off. What do we do? 'cause you came for documentation of, and I came for documentation too. Like, what are you saying? Listen, so does it like, on this is what we going to, I have given you, I have given you at this point, three, three different solutions, places, locations.
We about to do something. I know, but I'm telling you too. I'm, I want you to know I spoke to your manager. I've given the locations of where you can go if you choose to go there. No, look, we go, we going move it outside. That's because those people still want to charge. We don't have money to just be jumping around different venues.
We don't operate. It's not magic. Okay. Alright. I didn't say it was, I told you I gave you a solution and you say, you talked about I'm, it's not a real solution for us. I'm you. We found it. Already's a solution. I'm giving you an option and that's it. Okay. That's all I'm saying to you again, we gonna let the people pull up and we gonna move forward How we move forward.
Okay. Respect from, I don't even want do it in a building. Now the is done. Y'all just set up a day. Set up a day and a time. We just, I gotta finish organizing with my real quick. Y'all came for what y'all came for. You understand me. Y'all got that accomplished right now. I'm gonna continue to leave with my people.
That's how I was gonna go.
My brother Evan. I just, y'all, y'all trying to get to, I don't repeat myself like that. Respect. Y'all doing too much. What I'm saying, my brother, I'm 19. I dunno what organization you are the way y'all move. You understand me. I'm 19 kids. You understand me. Like at the end of the day, I'm but you not the person that has to ask me questions.
I'm saying, you know what I mean? You don't have authority over them. I don't have authority. All right then my brother. So why asking questions as if I have the answer. That's not a negotiation. I already told you what I'm gonna do and that's that I just asked. Damn. Thank you. Don't too much.
We here for you. I destiny, I you, I respect you, Jesus Christ. And we're here for you and we love you, alright? Don't let them, that's the thing. Grab some water. Get some water. He went to go get something. Alright. He, he ain't going too slow.
Okay. Okay.
Huh? Yeah, that I'm going be, man, luckily I got super, my teeth
calm, my nerves. I got the adaptogens. To de-stress you. Matter of fact, I think you need this. Yeah, that's great. I ain't saying actually it looks beautiful here. Look at that. Save yourself up there. Woo. Fire My god team. Really? Did they big one on that one? Yes sir.
No, no. You good brother. You good
people, people, people.
You got some sensor where at? There's some hot water. Hot water? Yeah. Where that hot water at? These a Yeah. Let me get me some tea man. What's the, it is a cup. Yeah, that's all I need is some superman tea, A cup.
Just gotta measure it off myself.
I have a, an obstacle to climb like that right before COVID. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It just, you know, I don't, I don't like when people play politics and then try to negotiate. If that's what you wanted to do from the beginning, just say that. You know what I mean? I don't like that. Okay. If it's off the principle, then we ain't gotta do it at all.
But if it's so that you can make, create noise to make a move, I'll operate What's family, what's happening? How are we doing? Where do I get the tea at that I reordered Or is that after the show um, I met you is going to be making sure that everybody that order man got gifts and things of that nature would get it.
Alright. Yes sir. Appreciate it.
This gonna be my personal that's, oh, you did it with regular water. Uh, Steve grabbing some hot water.
Here you go. Peace. Peace to the God. How you feeling? With a God? With a God I met you at where? Met you at floating around somewhere. Point the came over.
Alright, AJ here? Yeah. Tell you wanna go upstairs? Uh, yeah. So said seven. Then from there, everybody outside.
Um, yes, yes, yes. Did they get free wrist?
Man, this a trust me. I understand. Independent boy, I understand. Real quick, I definitely want y'all to build. Take a minute, but I six 50 right now. Uhhuh. I still want get some clear. You want step out and talk. Do you want check? No, he check right here. So look, um, we gotta do a pivot because it's a lot going on just with the community, this building.
You understand me? The energy? This ain't the energy of the tour though. Yeah. You feel me? So at the end of the day, I'm always with the people, you feel me? So what we was gonna do is I want allow the people and respect them that came here for this. Yeah. Get 'em about a good 30, 45 minutes to come in and I was just gonna take it outside to the streets.
Yeah. You feel me? And then just take the l Yeah. You feel me? It's what it's, yeah. So we, yeah. So we outside beautiful downstairs.
I yeah, the luxe Wilkinson up, pull up right here. VIP's all looking beautiful. We got the massage table. We light, we got, we got this big massage bowl you can stand in Yeah. And give you this vibrational set up too. But you know, my, my plans and God's plans. Yeah. Case I got got it all. How you feeling on brother?
Amazing bro. I have to be here. Yes sir. How you feel wrapping up another tour though? It's getting bigger and bigger. It's been, I'm still pro, still processing. Yeah. You know what I mean? Um, I'm be with ya key next week. And, um, I, I'm liking that the way that I'm, I'm choosing where I go is use my energy. I pass a lot of, you know what I mean?
Just after tour stuff. I want to be performed too. I want to be, you know, get closer to the goal. So I'm glad that, like, literally you job the first two joints, I'm like, yeah, no, I'm going to that. Bro. The way, the way you got your, your performance is like, man, because, 'cause what I look at it, I look at the level of where it is right now.
They not looking at the level where it's gonna be. You feel me? Because, you know, everything we do is by, you know, our own will of income resources that we have and we going to make it the best that we possibly can. Facts. But window resources is there. Yeah. And that's, that's why I talking my team, this is all without no Yeah.
No resources. Yeah. All of this, the whole area, all the people outside, that's how I know that they don't Thank you. They don't understand it. They like, just go get another building to pay that. I'm like, it don't work like that. This independent, like this grass root. You don't just come up and and pivot, bring all your people over.
That cost a lot. Like we can't sustain a tour like that. This is, at the end of the day, we probably just break even for the people. Exactly. You feel me? Like, but they don't understand that it is on the outside looking in. You just think everything is grandeur and that everybody should sacrifice for what you doing, even though you already sacrificing for what you, and, and when you, when you doing it, um, at the beginning, you all these just projections.
You, I mean we, we do calculator risk. So we, we like, yeah, they gonna come. Right. It's gonna go smooth and means you gonna be great. Right. You don't know that hundred percent. So that, that's why I don't know where Antoine Digital at, but we building out, um, working on this, working on this platform called Zion.
Yeah. We building outside the matrix, right. Where you, they create a digital nation, right? Right. So your digital nation acts, it's like a real nation instead of that shit is on the internet, but you have real life implications. So let's say if I wanna know what everybody in my community, how much land they got, so they register all their land.
Mm-hmm. Now I can see that my community got a thousand acres. Right. You feel me? I don't want to be online trying to play the algorithm to communicate with my people. Right. Like, that shit is dead. It is over with. They gonna keep playing with this algorithm and ways we ain't gonna want to and they gonna end up cutting us out.
Mm-hmm. You feel me? So instead, even when we come to certain cities, like, you know how many things happen and there's no real streamlined process. Yeah. For our network, we know hella people, but we can't really align those resources. Right. Somebody be like, man, I would've did this for you. I don't even know 'cause I can't control the line of communication.
We got a whole nation. Right. But it operates as a network, but it's not streamlined. So we, we built the application that streamlined that process. That's hard. You feel me? You can get a passport into it, you can get a visa into it. We can do fractional ownership moves. We can create businesses, buy businesses, sell businesses together.
You understand? I ain't gotta go to an Airbnb. None of those different things. It's like a real digital nation. Yeah. And then it grows to a point where you can get to the size, where you can be recognized as a real nation. You understand me? Because what you end up having to do is go to another nation that can recognize you, understand me, the uh, the validity and the sovereignty of the state.
But the way I see that is because Just talk to you real quick. Yes, sir. Just real quick. No, you good. You good, man. Show
place. Because he say the new battlefield is the mind, you feel me? He get that from what other country? Everybody's worried about this right now. Cognitive warfare. Black people don't even realize that they be in control. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Most people don't. So it's like we just need a, a Zion outside the Matrix.
Yeah. You feel me? Stop trying to control the matrix. Not until you on neo level you ain't ready. Facts. You some side of that. Yeah. I posted on my thread the other day. I said, man, I'm, I'm implementing a new mental code of conduct. And I said, you know, just the way I'm thinking and I'm gonna make it a conduct, like and damn near hold everybody that, that's on this journey with me to the, a code of con, a mental code of conduct, not the code of conduct we had in elementary little gold stars that would give the act.
Right. But what about if you think Right. You know what I'm saying? I think the mental code of conduct is, is a whole different thing holding people to a certain mental aptitude. You know what I mean? So it's same like you, like we've been always talked to, oh man, let's break the major break dimensions instead of getting, getting outside of it.
Making it whole difference. Yeah. You can't break your nature. Yeah. Even in, even in the movie, he ain't never break it, you feel me? He just learned to have power over it. He integrated himself in a way where he had power outside the matrix and inside. Yeah. You feel me? But we need leaders like you. That's what we trying to do with Zion, is we trying to find people who know how to create these philosophies and hold people to a certain standard.
Yeah. Right. So you already doing that, but the platforms that you're using right now don't really allow for that. Yeah. And that's what we, I think for me, keys and already talked about his favorite part of what we building. For me, it's like we so fragmented as people, our resources, our synergy, everything we got is also spread out.
Yeah. You build a platform to where you can see where everything is at. So this is the platform here. This is my favorite feature I'm gonna show y'all first is this map. Because every time we go to a new place, right, we, we got so many connections here, but where's it at? Like, who's here? So I want to be able to zoom into a place when I hit up LA and like, who do I know here?
Right? And this should tell me right away, oh, keys is out here in la let me make sure I hit him up. Or somebody over here got them a whole network. That's the high level network. Automatically get notifications, everything. So everywhere you go you should be able to know who got a podcast studio, who's the photographers, uh, who has, uh, somewhere to do hill hilling, everything.
It's all there. Just off of that. Just off of that right there. Uhhuh. Then we see your world in one place. Yeah. And what we going to add next is the connection. So now we gonna be able to see, oh, Antoine just brought an asset from somebody over here in France. Or over here in Ghana, you'll be able to see every, all connection happening in real time.
You get to see the circulation of the doy within and that connects your community. So now, yeah, you gonna see in your community was being circulated and then you could zoom out and see as a Zion, US together, your community, his community, Shaq's community, why is everybody's community, you get, this is the impact we make.
That's what we want. Do we want to track impact? But this, this works best by us getting outside though, right? It starts digital and it turns into physical wise Gotcha. Aligned digitally. Then y'all can highly align physical. So, so, so can speaking out, speaking to stepping outside the grid, right? 'cause that's the only way that we are gonna make a real change for ourselves, right?
The time like Toms has got the things that have been implemented are so engraved in the way we think the way we move now, that it'd be hard to transition from that. Like the time was back then and they bombed out one chance we had, you know, it's deep because I didn't know watching a movie that, um, the Gap Band actually made you dropped a bomb on me because of, uh, tus Oklahoma.
Mm. But if we had known that then we didn't know that I didn't get on to this until actually, truthfully speaking to Game set, black Wall Street. I didn't know nothing about it. This was like 2000. So a lot of us are just now getting on tour it with social media. So imagine if we actually had that information back then.
I don't know if they were afraid to mention it in the song, but I mentioned that for this reason because we got so far away from being able to build like that on our own. What Keys said to me when we spoke last year, two years ago at Law Snap, we gotta build it over for ourselves. So now, and my thing, I deal with stocks and investment.
So the thing with me is I was upset when I seen there's only seven publicly traded companies. But when I hear what you guys are talking about now and what me and you spoke about two years ago, I'm no longer upset at that. Because now as we build out our own brands and businesses, how about we create our own market?
Mm-hmm. Don't have to go through the federal government. Guess what? Your OTC and penny market is not regulated by the SEC. Mm-hmm. Therefore, that's why when you go in there, you get your head chopped off. There's nobody to go regulate that for you. You feel what I'm saying? Why can't we create our own markets as we build out these companies?
Let it stay only seven black companies on that market and let's build this market out over here on our own, since we got my brother Antoine Digital here. It ain't nothing but a transition for him of one system to the next. Right. Let's build that out. Let's talk about what, what you think about that Keys, what you think about that.
Mm-hmm. You know? Yeah. I mean, it's using you state, trying to integrate ourselves with, get accepted into this and yeah, I'm killing that market. It is about creating alternative systems. So you gotta use their plan. So I know that they gonna accelerate the downfall of America by doing that. They want to kill all of the faith that people have in democracy in the system.
So they erasing the laws and making it easier. Right? So they're killing a lot of the security laws. You understand me allowing the people to do stuff on the blockchain. They just, I think the SEC just allowed for stocks to be put on the blockchain today. Yes. Yeah. But we not really 24 hour trade with Robin Hood pushing that.
But see what that allows us to do when you got the digital nation. So now when you got your currency's less laws, you feel me? Now, when you got your businesses and you allowing people to invest in it, there's less laws. So what you're doing is you making your moves alongside. They do one, two, you do three.
So we can trade the bar. Right? Right. Through our community. Right? So we using it as a benefit. They wouldn't expect that. That's the glitch. You feel me? They saying, no, we gonna do our play. We like, we want y'all to do that play because when y'all do it now we going to use that gap to build this thing. You feel me?
And the thing is, you ain't gotta be super loud about it. That's the whole point. Like if you gotta be loud about it, then they can control your voice. But if you just saying all the people that's been tapped into it, I have how many millions of people in my nation by now. You feel me? You can't stop how many resources I have, everything I need, instead of me going back online and trying to make a creative content so I can reach the people that already said that they line with me.
Exactly. That's diabolical. It's ridiculous. You know what I'm saying? Like, nah, I'd rather just say, y'all with me, y'all my core base. Y'all my real tribe. Y'all with me until like you resend your citizenship. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. Saying what We want to leave America, but they gonna make you go through hula hoop leave.
Like that's right. I would rather you like really subscribe to be a part of this. 'cause at the end of the day we'll always be misunderstood. You feel me? Because you jumped in my world. Then you go jump back into the world. Yeah. You feel me? And now it's an alignment. Nah, we should, we should be able to provide all the resources within our world now we going across the planet earth, you feel me?
And we got land, we got spaces, we got communities everywhere, you feel me? But in the future, man, this shit is getting bad outside. If you don't have a community, you are part of, you done for, I call it, we got too much access to access the collective power, the way to be artificial. Way too much access to access.
Man, I can't even facilitate all of the resources or somebody telling me about something they got all the time. How do we vet all this? I know it happens with you. How we gonna vet all of that? We wasting money. 'cause we don't have neighborhood networks. You feel me? Like I, I probably wouldn't even have to pay for nothing.
You feel me? If I knew all the people that was willing to bar for real, just make a post right here and say, Hey look, I'm gonna be in town and I, I need a venue. I got more wealth so that I can build this thing out to go higher. Because as a thought leader, man, what happens is without institutional support, you are in up falling off.
Right? So if you don't design systems that organize the resources, then there is no way to continue. You get to a point where you get too big to continue. Yeah. Right? Yeah. And once you get to that point, the people are looking at you say, well, you big enough, do it by yourself. And it's like, I got here against all eyes, but I don't have the other things that people have when they get up here because I don't have institutional support.
So now I have to build out all the things as well. But I'm putting it on the onus, on the people. I'm saying that, listen, this ain't about me. It's a highly aligned nation of people saying that, here's our goals, this is what we want to do. Can we do 'em together? Yeah. It's simple. That's my whole reason for starting God body, uh, God, body energy.
You know, we about to do, uh, it's gonna be the fourth annual God by weekend in February. You know what I'm saying? Uh, definitely. Where at Houston. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Uh, so I used to be in politics. I, I play the political game. Uh, yeah. I was positive. I was, I was positive. Not aint gonna lie. Now, it gives you a greater understanding of things when you get into it.
You, you see, I'm positive from a different aspect. About about seven years, I got offered a job at NDC as a field representative. I turned down and, um, I started a non-profit. My first business was a non-profit, was 5 0 1 3. A lot of people like, damn, why you even wanna start new t-shirt company over here?
So no, something get quick money. Well, I played, I learned the system fast from watching how, how the, you know, the politician played it. I started an interest group. Mm-hmm. You know what I'm saying? It's called writer's block. So it's a 5 0 1 3 performing arts and literacy organization. You know what I mean?
Trick word, trigger words, literacy, performing arts, all these things. Exactly. That's the, that's the language they understand. So I've been getting grants from the city that I'm in for yours. You know, people ask aj, why don't you go, you you got the money to go get her, her, her. Well, when we build a community, you, the problem with flying around and staying in different places is you, you, you can't really integrate into the community.
Yeah. You just look like somebody you had sense. Yeah. I'm sure it is about being, it is about being in that community. You know what I'm saying? Like, so I never wanted to be so big as a celebrity or whatever to where if you visiting, you want to feel like you at home when you go, they start treating.
That's what key trying to, they trying to feel at home where you go because city, so the people started recognizing that me as a, as that, but I have to get the, the people with the infrastructure to start seeing this. A so what, what, so what they ended up doing after I started doing the free food program in Houston, the, um, um, backpack drive, Turkey drives, uh, um, part of food pantries.
Then I got my own day in the city of Houston from America. You know what I'm saying? So that plus congressional recognition plus, uh, the, uh, white House Service Achievement Award gave me access that I've never thought that even existed. One. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But two now, then I just switched to music.
So now it's a whole world. But I have that as my foundation. Exactly. So then God, by the energy, God by energy is literally my whole same thing. What Keys was saying. The whole, it's the whole ecosystem. Yeah. Now there's people that identify with something that, no, I didn't create the term God body, but all I did was create a, a tangible, like.
You attach, you attach an awakening to it, like it's like to it. And so now there's people, it's here, but awakening to it gonna be the fourth with no, no, no. Um, infrastructure support, none of that. The people going to come, they, they, they pay, they invest and it build out. And this is just the fourth avenue, you know what I'm saying?
Continue to grow this thing. Uh, uh, therapy sessions, uh, free food program. Um, the news comes out, the city has to now pay attention to what's going on. Wow. And they gotta write checks. Yeah. Why? They gotta write checks. 'cause now the community's pulling on them. 'cause they want vote, they want votes from the same people that I'm saying, Hey.
Mm-hmm. Wow. You know what I'm saying? So I just played a game and, and I got ahead of it. And so that's how I'm able to do music without having to do that no more. Because the infrastructure is already been in play now. Now I'm going across the city. This is all in Houston. It is all in one city. Wow. You know what I'm saying?
Because like I say, I, I, I used to want to be pulled in different cities, different markets, but I always pull different thought against them because I'm like, okay, I need roots. A root system. You know what I'm saying? I think that's the first system that you built, a root system. 'cause if not, then people see you like this gonna see you.
Like onlines gonna be your only platform in the building. No, the message is lost. There's a they gotta go there, the mirror, whatever. But I'm like, I'm, I'm like the mirror in that one. You know what I'm saying? And so in other markets, it's harder to do the bigger market books, New York, la whatever. You become like somebody who's in that space.
But you used to own that space. You know what I'm saying? And so just for me, it was just finding a place to root myself in that had this gap of so, you know, we want to go see users on the island where, where he be at. You know what I'm saying? It's like, oh, I be here if you going build, it's better to build from them places that got less barriers.
New York, New Jersey, Chicago barriers. And you said the important thing, right? You said, I was saying the key words. My whole spiel at night was about the difference in financial literacy and financial liberty is indifferent. Financial literacy. Like that's the, that's the cosmetic shit that they're kicking out there now.
That's the DEI shit. Yeah. Right. Like you said, you knew how to get in the door to do the real mission. Let's just mention financial literacy. Right? Because they understood. Now just think what they really create a push to give us financial liberty. No, they gonna be you. Financial liberty Facts literacy.
What it is, is, again, like keys, always speak of a overloaded information that you're not going use facts. It's going to teach you what a bank account is, what a checking account is, but it's not going to teach you the liberty is the brokerage account. I'm saying the part is not using a credit card, but learning how to leverage for a bigger asset.
Right? So that's the difference. And that's, that's, that's crazy that you said that because they kicked that around so much. And that's the one thing somebody could go get money on. What's the date for that again? Oh, that's February. So it's a whole year. So it's February, the last weekend. February in Australia, bro, from St.
Louis. Oh man. Wow. Louis. Louis. Yeah. Well, you know, I had my own story. I used to gang man. I got shot up. My mama sent me away and just so happened. So, and instead of now I had a choice. The choice came to where I can go back home to St. Louis, but you know, all that. But I decided to consciously stay, you know what I'm saying?
Um, and I saw, honestly, bro, I gotta be glory to God because you and Keys know each other from St. Louis. No. Well, no. It just so happened you heard me. It just so happened to me when we connected it is like, nah, bro. And then, then, like I said, real recognized, real bro. You know what I'm saying? Been a solid brother since day one and we just know, continue to pull into each other.
You got something going on. I'm hopping on plane up and same him. You know what I'm saying? We hop on planes, we go to those places. Um, you get a chance to, uh, trade truth. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I'm saying. Houston, it's Houston's an interesting place, bro. Like, I, I love Houston, but I also saw Houston grow though.
Like it wasn't, he hasn't always had that. Yeah. That, that came in the last 10 years, you know what I'm saying? Versus through other markets. That's all La Houston, New York stuff. Atlanta's always had this all to like Houston just now. And so I've been able to ate myself where you can't talk, um, liberation or, or all these different things without, it would be crazy.
Wow. You know what I'm saying? In that, in that city, wow. The city has resource. That city has politicians, the city has people that's like, okay, they know they gotta give us some, we just gotta create something and use the words that they, the only words they understand trigger words. They understand though, bro.
They what? Reform, reform. Reform. And then you take until somebody, until somebody to that bill run out, until they say, that ain't the trend no more. You know, we take, we take that money, bro. That's it. You know what I'm saying? And that's how I do, bro. And, and I said now I'm on music though, so now I'm building the same thing up.
But in a musical platform, independent tools, um, uh, you know. Partnering with these different agencies, making sure that it's a partnership and not be signing over anything.
If I, if I've seen any amount of advice, anybody start off, start with, start with, I don't care what it is. Start it. You know what I'm saying? And then you, a lot of people know how to get the money from the community when they responsible. Boom. You start nonprofit start. And there are literally corporations, organization, infrastructure have to, in manifesto we support, but people don't read it up.
There. You be, you gonna read the whole manifesto of JP or, or, or whatever, you know what I'm saying? When we do, we realize, oh,
so next thing you know, you started this and nonprofit, y'all do something. The city, they have to, they have to these big old, uh, grocery stores, they have to write you a check for
people for a minute. Just trying to do some community engagement. Mm-hmm. Can't have that kind of energy or narrative. Right. You feel me, around the tour. So we was trying to figure out an alternative, but you know, it's last minute, it's down to the wire. Right. You feel me? So, so we, we, we, we solution. I actually talking to them now.
So what I want to do is my platform to allow them to have their voice mm-hmm. Understand me. Mm-hmm. But I think we gotta move forward just as a through line. Right. And then later on continue to tell the story. Mm-hmm. IM saying, but it is a lot that got people flying in, ain't got people coming from all over.
You feel me? So therefore I can't have my own people. Right. You feel me? Without communication, without resolution. Mm-hmm. So my first, my first priority is my people that came here. Right. You feel then I have to, I can address the concerns of the community while at the same time thinking about the long time era.
So it's a multi-dimensional thing. You gotta kind of keep up with, ah, politics and I'm grass root. I'm the last person. You should be trying to
come on that brother hot son. Man, I can't stop him from going nowhere. We on New York. Sorry man. I just wanted to say the brother was calling me, blowing me up. He was like, I hit your plate up. And then Mexico, she just told me what happened. Can I have you? You good? Yeah. I mean it looks like there is no real resolution beyond moving forward because I mean, we already here.
We got the people in the theater I was going through, at first I was thinking about, you know, letting everybody be here for about 30 minutes, then go outside. But it's nighttime. Can't bring everybody outside. It's the same. You feel me? So at the end of the day, we got pushed through, but I told them I set up a situation between me and the community tomorrow.
You feel me? Where I can get all their stories heard and I can get it out there. Yeah. Because that's all they want. Yeah. You feel me? I don't give a damn about this thing. Yeah. Because I invited the brother over. Yeah. Because I know he's extremely connected in community like for the last 30, 40 years. And so he's like one of my go-to guys, whatever.
Then next thing you know, next to Erica just told me, I saw he was blowing me up, but then now I'm putting two, two together in terms of like, that's why he was communicating. Mm-hmm. But again, I, I, you know, I recognize the real problem issues and struggles of the people. So it is what it is. He just, today is already been a whole lot.
What do you need? And I'm just uh, I'm wait till met you. Get up here, then we're gonna move forward.
Get one brother.
Listen, since I'm bringing, since I'm set to bring them all out man. And the people and bro, it was a lot. Be the genius man.
2 1 7
inbox by standby. Standby. 'cause this brother has to.
Some leadership, we all love Ohio.
Tape take over part of,
there's a lot of tension in the air, not just in Brooklyn, all over the plant Earth right now. The people that dissatisfied. I mean, we in a war, that war follows you home every single night. Our people feel like there's no other option. And we looking for, I was always taught that a hundred percent dissatisfaction brings about a change.
And I don't think we dissatisfied enough to make that change yet. Yes, we are. I see the energy in my people, my brothers and sisters, that was just outside. And I acknowledge the history of this particular building, which is sort of like an analogy for being in America itself. That's right. Feeling like we on stolen land, feeling like somebody's always taking something from us and we can never get justice.
And we frustrated, especially when our old people sell us out. And I'm not one of those people I'm willing to live, to kill and to die for what I believe in. That's right. Which is my people, which is freedom, justice, and equality and equity on this earth, there's 196,940,000 square miles. I was taught that 'cause as a child, we need to know our real estate, what belongs to us, what is ours?
And we need to act as if we have that power. But unfortunately what's been happening is that we've been distracted from our power. I was just in the Bermuda and I was getting a story about this young lady, and they said that this was this girl that they was looking for back in the days of slavery. And they had a picture and it was a description of her.
And in that description, they described her to the T. The way she laughed, the way she talked, right, the rhythm and her walk. They wasn't like they were describing a slave. They observed a full human being in all they essence. And when you get down to it, they didn't enslave you because they didn't see you as a human.
It's the quite opposite. They seen so much humanity in you that they didn't see in themselves. They wanted to capture it. They wanted to own the essence. They wanted to own the magic the same way they want to own the culture today. The problem is, is that we have not yet been dignified enough to look at each other and see that same magic and help each other master ourselves to bring it out into reality.
And we've been dealing with other people who know that they can only be parasites. To a powerful magnetic people. You right here in this room and across this planet earth, we living in a very dangerous time where we really don't have time to play. We don't have time to go back and forth with each other because you think you fight one battle, but there's a bigger battle because the only solution to all of this is our collective intelligence and unity, our organization.
But we can barely do that 'cause we always yelling at each other. Right? When are we sitting down and planning? When are we listening to somebody and giving them the grace tool? Lead us somewhere.
We, in this place, in this time, day and age, where the young people. They being destroyed right now. They don't know reality. They were built off screens. They afraid to talk to young women. They don't have no dreams because they don't feel like they're in control of their future. And now there is a warfare on the mind played by the governments of this planet Earth to control the consciousness of the people hoping that these screens continue to control you.
While we are in the time, day and age, where we have the greatest resources on the planet Earth to build whatever we want to. But what are we doing with our time? What are we doing with God's time? I had a lot of frustration today coming in because we go around the planet Earth on our own, my own money, right?
Reinvesting every single thing back into the community on the outside. Oh, that's 19 keys. He got all these different power. Ain't nobody put no money in my pocket. Ain't nobody control what I say and what I can't say, where I go and where I can't go. 'cause the goal is always sovereignty. The reason why we never think what a person does is enough is because we don't have our own nation.
See in the nation, when somebody contributes to something, that's enough. You might just be a doctor, you might just be a philosopher. That is enough. He's contributing what he needs. So this thing continues to revolve. But unlike other people, we don't have an all nation. So instead, we don't want you to do one thing.
We want you to do everything. So the burden of being a leader is that you put the world on an individual, right? And now we're not leaning on each other. The saying, no, I ain't gotta do everything. I ain't gotta be perfect. I ain't here to save you. You gotta do well, save yourself. Say it a little louder.
You gotta do what? Save yourself. And the reason I say that is because when you all alone and the privacy of your thoughts, only you can save you. And when we get out here, we look out for each other, right? We're able to build with each other. But when you go home and you scrolling on the phone and there's a psychological operation being played on their brain and you don't understand that they using brain to brain interface, they mapping you out.
They have the ability to utilize, uh, the ability to access you, to affect you, right? In ways that you never even knew were possible. Every time they build a new technology, today, they release so too where you can create anything, but they asking you to give up your likeness in your ip. Why? Because they want you to get used to a world like ready world player.
They know there's not gonna be any jobs. They know there's not gonna be any wealth. So they just want your brain just stuck in this digital world. That's where we headed. But what is our counter plan? What is our plan of attack? Not defense. 'cause we always want a defense talking about what they doing.
What are we doing if we not focusing on saving the youth? As my brother, URI Muhammad said, the useless movement is a useless movement. The way you literally control the future is by impregnating the consciousness of the young people. So what they think becomes reality. But right now we are laughing at memes, not understanding that it's warfare to get past your mind, to go into your subconscious to fracture you.
So now somebody in here think they ma somebody in here think Donald Trump is fed. He ain't for you. And if you think that you ain't for yourself or you ain't for your people, we see Charlie Kirk get celebrated. Why? Because they set him up. They put him in position, they gave him $4.8 million. Go out there and get the consciousness of the use.
But when we want to use them, you'll be in place for somebody good in our community. We looking at them. That's why no good deed goes unpunished. No good deed goes unpunished. 'cause it will never be enough for people who going lead ain't not enough no matter what. I know he getting paid for what you're doing.
Damn, that's a problem. But you just celebrated the billionaire. That's why I say black excellence is a scam because it replaced black power, it replaced the militancy in our community. It replaced the order of the operation. It replaced black men and women talking to each other, building with each other, having chain of command, not disrespecting each other.
They replaced all that to accolades, planet tools, awards that don't mean nothing. And all we want to do is figure out how we can use all our power against each other. We got artificial intelligence. And I believe that the one thing that's more powerful than that is the collective intelligence. I don't know everything, but I bet in this room we can figure it all out together.
I don't have all the land, but I bet in this room if I say, man, who got some land? Raise your hand. We got a sister in the back who need some more land in this room. We all going her period. But the problem is how do we streamline the process of unity? Because we've been trying for so long. But unity is about organization and divisions.
You gotta have division before you have unity because what role will you play in the nation? You have to be beneficial. We're going from home to human doing to human being. The machines will replace the skill that you've learned and now you start losing your identity. Don't know who you are. And with all of that cognitive surplus now instead of using that time to think, to build, you gonna be struggling, starting to get brain right.
I'm stuck on social media, so I'm concerned with our people cognitive security because we sometimes will train our body, but we don't train our brain. We talk about financial literacy, but there's also digital literacy. My brother, Ryan Leslie, who's here tonight, he talks about having a source of truth. He built out a platform SuperPhone that allows you to be able to communicate directly with your people.
How many people tired of having to dance for an algorithm and connect with people who already say they aligned with you, that don't make no goddamn sense. We came here like we wanted to share with you what we're building as a solution for some of these problems that going on. That was the only reason we came.
I'm gonna be honest with y'all that I'll never tell nobody. We ain't making no money here tonight. We would've to charge y'all three, four times a ticket price to pay the whole team to come out to do all these things wouldn't be possible because our people don't get value back gas. If I came up here and just dance, they bow on me, but I'm trying to stimulate the mind in a way that ain't been for our generation.
I left Bermuda before I was out there. Farhan was out there. That was 15 years ago. And he came out there because there was gang violence. And I had heard that two mothers that got shot, one right in front of the police department in broad daylight, that these young men are losing they mind and they don't care about nothing.
But when was the last time somebody cared about them? Who raised them? What raised them? They didn't raise off the same world that we raised off of. They don't have the same context and perspective that we have. And now the community is afraid to talk to the young men, dehumanize 'em, call them young yns.
They don't want to call them young men because then you know there's a responsibility as a man that you step into that young man's life and you speak life and you give guidance by example. But I start thinking about that item, I said, damn, it's been a decade and a half since somebody came here and delivered some consciousness.
So we did the first financial literacy conference on that island in its history. And when I do it, I'm not just talking financial literacy. So you get a little ball, you understand? I mean, we go get into the metaphysic, we gonna get into the conscience, and I'm gonna get in trouble with the politicians. It is what it is, but I gotta speak the truth.
If I spoke to get paid, y'all be leaving here giving me $10,000 by the end of the night, I'll set up this whole entire conversation. Get your mind, tell your story, hit you with a Bible verse. Next thing you know, you gonna get a pop book. Keys, take it off. But I don't have a heart for that. I don't you understand me.
I'm not money driven. I'm people driven. I want to see impact and real change.
My brothers and sisters that was outside, I want to make sure that I have the opportunity to give them a platform to be heard. I will do that. I want their story to be told because there's never been warfare out there, but we feel like nobody's hearing us. We get angry and rightfully so, we boil over and nobody's listening to our story as if it's not happening, as if it's insignificant.
It is through a walking past, a homeless man and not even acknowledging his existence. You ain't gotta give him $1, but does he exist? I always walk past and at least give a nod, how you doing? I don't have it right now, but next time we stop being a community and acknowledging a brother and a sister that live with you on this planet.
I mean we in the same fight in the same world, but they disconnected us through our sexuality. They disconnected us through our politics. Now we think we this thing, instead of being a black person, we don't think we original people all in this fight together. We got our own identity and say, fuck them. We don't have neighbor networks, so we gotta spend our money.
'cause we can't borrow from somebody. We afraid to ask for help 'cause our people go see us. So now we're so disconnected that they turn this into an individual society, not realizing that we're going to lose as individuals. And that's exactly the way they want us. They get the people on line to be fighting the people so they don't fight the power.
Knowing that the power is the reason why your g so goddamn high. The power is the reason why you ain't got a good budget for literacy in the schools. The, the the, the power is the reason why they stopping in frisking. Black men, you understand me? The power is the reason why there's a pipeline to prison.
The power is the reason why they using the algorithms to demoralize you. That ain't the person next to you. That ain't some immigrant that's doing that. That is the powers that are controlling this technology. The Carter s the Peter Tills. So now they go control TikTok. They said we gotta give it to these Youngs.
So we start building out. I said, man, what if I stop giving them the power? And we focus on one word. And it's one word I think ultimately is what every leader figures out towards the end, no matter how they start off, whether it's Martin, whether it is WB the boys, whether it's Marcus Gar, everybody understands that ultimately it leads to sovereignty that we have to be in control of our own reality.
That there is no way that we can depend on our enemy to treat us like our friend. That's an impossible. And we so hostile to each other because when we reach out, we next to somebody who look like us. So we sgo each other for the problems that come from them because we don't have access to them. So whoever closest to us must be the problem.
You must be the reason I'm not getting ahead. But the movement was always the people. When the people understand they have a common enemy, they organize. When people are dissatisfied, they make a change. We are on a spiritual time on this planet earth where everything is changing. The technology is changing the mind to the youth changing.
Are we adapting to the change in real time? If our habits are staying the same and we not challenging ourselves, there is no growth without challenge.
I challenge the men to be real men. I challenge the women to be real women. I ain't hear that part. You like the real talk to brother. We civil rights. You understand me? We everything except unity.
Are we tired? Tired. When is enough enough Now? When is enough? Enough? Is it now? Or is it no now? Is it now? Or is it? No. Now there's not a left and a right, there's a dark versus right. And you just in a as yourself, what side you on. Once you get on that side, stay there. Because if you choose the wrong side, you my enemy fail.
I don't have time. You trying to figure out who would be and who not. It should be clear.
So family, we've come to the junction in time where you guys can sit down. So I appreciate you. I know everybody needs is not the same.
Thank you.
So what we've been mapping out, because we don't have a lot of time, lemme get straight into it, but we've been mapping out thinking about the future, this intelligent age that we going into. So be very hard to know what's real, right? The technology that they're rolling out is fooling the human mind. So you can't discern what's reality and what's fiction.
And that becomes a dangerous place because you stop. You stop trusting yourself. Now you start indulging in reality TV and things of that nature because you just want some sense of connection and reality. And the thing about it is, if don't matter, if you're rich, if you all happy, that's their initiative and they won't care about you whatsoever.
But that won't happen because the people who are revoked, or would they, because it's already gotten so bad that there should be revolution in the streets, yet it's not. So how bad does it have to get? But what they're doing is they're conditioning you every time they push the agenda further. So you already normalizing something that's coming.
So what you have to do is be steadfast. Anytime that you are online, you have to be already what's coming to you, what you have to have. As my brother Ryan Legend talks about a source of truth, what should be our community? We can't fight against all the goddamn narrative warfare that comes out. I'll be making videos all day long.
Piece of peace, piece of paper, piece of family. So I know we don't have much time because I got a very special guest about to come up here and I'm not, I wasn't supposed to be up here talking yet. I don't typically come out first, but I wanna acknowledge the elephant in the room like Al Walker did when he went to with the he elephant.
You understand? He stuck. Understand. So I wanna make sure that the people, I'm people, this is just a thing of the people. That's what matters to people the most. There no pressure where my loyalty lies, it's always with the people. 'cause I am the people. You understand me? There is no separation. Every single thing that we do is for our liberation.
That's right. It's to further us. I don't sit there and study hours of these subjects before. I want to deliver the information so that we are in time, in no time. And we know what's happening outside, especially our information environments because your friend ain't sitting there and giving you a breakdown about this sponsor security that's coming.
You understand me about this artificial intelligence. They talking about the phone calls Nick Mage leaves. You see y'all laughing. Y'all know what I'm talking about. Didn't even know that.
No. So my brother, if you will give us a breakdown in short about to bring up my brother AJ McQueen in a second tour, taking across the planet Earth, giving them some of that God body energy. Man. None other than my good brother AJ McQueen. Man, come tap in with yes Lord. Working in new how y'all? I said how y'all feeling?
We heard a
read that to back church. I said.
You know, in order to be great, you gotta have a powerful routine. You gotta do something every day. Every single day. See if you want to be next to level, high level, God level, you gotta water your own soil. You know what I'm saying? What I say, look, yeah, it's a routine. Wake up and thank God for the new thing.
I got life I got. Sure you don things that a world. How I do things, niggas the roots. It's the routine. Evaluate my goals. See how you fall from the got up off my ass and leave a passing the pass or take it out my own. Tra they shit out. Want a last witch? Then they see the root, they see the routine.
Activate my genius. Bar them trees. Start business mama. My old business record records. Innocent, nice. Stop. Now finish. It's all in my roots. It's in the routine. Drink more water and eat plants. Butter, protein, sea mo, the she for the herbs. When you change how you eat it change how you change your roots. You change
my black dog. I'm proud. No black. Could see a few. My mask off. He asked him for a vaccine. I told him, drink some water, nigga a time. This my moment. I proclaim mine, but I mine. I'm drinking water down. I'm in the kitchen. What? See I got knowledge. Go break it down. Sometimes practice self control, feed soul.
And you trenches get a, get a, gotta focus on the
routine.
What you gotta focus on your. Yeah. How do shit, the routine? Yeah. What I'm doing, shit. The routine. Yeah. What I'm all shit. The routine. Yeah. What I'm doing, I'm all shit. The routine and after that and after that and after that and after that and after Brooklyn make some doors. Right now.
Advocate peace. By not having it. Hey, I trying don't crash out. God got a plan for, or who pray for the street's. Been over since 21. So turn to a savage. I had to activate my, so I can my never soul lot saying says, needs my nickname. Don't let no name live between us. He lucky. I mature like to ly. If I, my blood, the word I gotta let her be and go and je out my legacy.
The promised land I'll never see. And so listen to God. I put my up to heaven. Listen to God. Try to fix you. Spread conditioning. God. Trying to heal this world. Just sickening God. Get into the night of wine. I heard flickering God, I need a recharge before I the help me realize my demon. I had to go switch up my yet day pictures of my with me.
I can't crash up as God got a plan for. I can't crash up as God. I say I can't crash up as God got. I say can't crash as God. I can't crash. I can't crash up as God got a plan for. I can't up for you know God, plan for you. Make some noise right now about communicating with each other. You understand me?
Unity starts with communication, but we allow somebody else to control our frequency, our music. It breaks us up because now the number one enemy in hip hop is who is you? Which means that it is the number one enemy is God. So my brother's making that God body energy. Can I get everybody to say God? Body energy.
God, body energy. One more, man. God. Body energy. God. Body energy, man. Make some love for my bro. Oh, slow down. Make some noise and show some love for my brother, AJ McQueen.
All right, one more time. Let's make some noise for AJ McQueen. One more time. Come on.
All right. My name is Bia Mechi. And before we introduce the next speaker. Make some noise. If you tapped into high level conversations,
I'm gonna need a little bit better than that. But if you tapped into high level conversations, then you definitely tapped in to this next guest that we have coming to the stage. But if you tapped into high level conversations, then I hope you also tapped in to our Elder Baba Haru who recently passed away.
So being here in New York, I'll be remiss if we didn't take a moment of silence to honor Baba Haru and to honor Asada Shakur. So can we do that for one second please?
Thank you. Put your hands together. Let's keep the energy going right now.
So, like I said, if you tapped into high level conversations, I hope you tapped into the next guest that we bring into this stage. And we had to move things around today with the run of show, with our schedule. You already heard from keys two times, right? But I wanna make sure that we do a proper introduction.
Can we do that? Yeah. So I wanna make sure we do this the right way. And I have none other than my brother, Santino wise money to bring him to this stage. So let's give him a round of applause right now. New York. Make some noise for wise money. Come on, governor. What's up Brooklyn? How do God's doing? How do God's doing?
Come on. If we feeling high level, say we feeling high level. Come on, bk. Come on. I'm from Jersey. Come on bk. Where my queens at? Where the earth's at?
That's what we talking about. So just like, uh, the brother of Met just said, it been a lot of pivoting, but I want y'all to understand one thing. These brothers are out here. Even though you see, shout out to the brother AJ McQueen, the God just crushed it. I, I need every, I need every bit of that on Sunday morning when I'm cleaning up.
I need that in a car working out. That's what we need. That's the level of energy we need. That's the food we need injected into our brains to survive these days and times. I swear every other post is a lie. Keys always talk about the overload of information, right? Well, I came here to talk about something that's been an issue for me.
This financial literacy thing. It's so played out. It's such a, it's such a play that we are not even getting the benefit from that play. It's a lot of people running around getting money off financial literacy. What do you think that was created from? That wasn't created from the people that actually created the financial system that was created from the people that was being deprived from the financial system.
But when I look around, it don't seem like we getting them resources. So I want to talk about something different. I want to talk about something other than financial literacy. I want to talk about financial liberation. Let's say that, let's say financial liberation. Financial liberation. It's a big difference in financial literacy and financial liberty.
Let me give you an example. Financial literacy is a checkbook, a checking account and a savings account. All of which, only going to render you 0.07%. Not even a full percent. Y'all want to hear what financial, uh, uh, Liberty is. That's a brokerage account and mine just did 300% in the past two months. And I'm not saying that to brag.
I'm saying that because I'm here today to put BK up on something. Something that's right downtown, a train ride away, but something that just not readily running around rampant in our neighborhoods. We are not hearing about this stuff, right? But I don't want to talk about that either because the days of us being blocked from information is over now it's about the information we're not going to.
So let's talk about that and the information, some of us not going to, it's information that's leading us to financial liberty. We don't need to learn how to use a credit card. We don't need to learn that. We gotta pay taxes. We know that. We need to understand the tax code so we could pay less taxes.
Y'all with that? Yeah. Save real money if y'all with that real money. All right, so check this out. Financial Liberty is buying a home, having a cookout, inviting the family over, putting everything you could, every bit of money you going to work for. Going back into that house. You know what you are? You house rich.
That's not financial liberty. Financial liberty is going to about a multifamily. Put somebody in the bottom, you stay in the top until you could afford to get out and put two people in the bottom, one in the top. And now you getting the residual. Right Now it's an asset. It ain't just for the family to come over and enjoy no more.
Right? Save real money. Real money, alright? Financial literacy is not financial literacy is just learning how to use a credit card on time, building your credit score and being timid about using it. You afraid of bankruptcy? You afraid to go broke. It's embarrassing. But then there's somebody else over there.
You know Robert Kawasaki, you read his book. He said he went totally broke and he wasn't paying nobody till he paid himself. Why could he feel like that? And we can't. That's financial liberty right there. That's you detaching yourself from debt because debt's an illusion, debt's a tool for a stream of income.
That's not coming back to us. But we are the biggest debt holders. So financial liberty is not learning how to use a credit card the right way and paying it on time. Financial liberty is learning how to leverage your name, leverage your assets to get more assets. That's what financial liberty is. It's actually the action of financial literacy.
It's the execution of financial literacy. We gotta stand over this information. We've been understanding it long enough, understanding us, God, us at mid-level, it's time for us to take at high level. Right? Right. So there's a whole conversation. I'm, let me let you know something about me. First and foremost, I'm a ninth grade dropout.
I've been to federal prison, no stranger to danger. I've been off the sidewalk since I was 10 years old, right? And now I, I stand here before you reformed. Why? Because I was forced to do so. Thank you. Thank you. I gave back a 22 year sentence in the feds, right? And in the midst of doing so, I found my caveat.
My caveat was learning the US stock market. See, I didn't know that. Once I was able to get around, beat the feds, not get around them, beat 'em and get back my time. 14 years of the 22 year sentence, right? No Obama relief, none of that stuff. That was me. I realized that my ninth grade education was an illusion to see I'm, I'm as high as a of a thinker, as I think of myself as being.
So in that moment in a crisis, one child gotta get home to her, right? I'm looking at everybody around me. 15 is the minimum plea. I'm like, nah, I'm going to trial. First and foremost, I lost that trial. But one thing that I decided was that I wasn't gonna let anybody else be the savior of me but me. What does that say?
Save yourself. It was no lawyers coming to save me. So at that point I realized I had power. I didn't know I had, after beating the feds, somebody came to me and said, yo, they got some stock market classes up here. Unconsciously I went to that because I already did the unthinkable. So now the stock market was a sni.
A cinch. And I'm home to this day strangling and having my way with it. And I want y'all to be able to do the same. So there's a QR code right there. There's a free source on there that's going to tell you all the backdoor stuff about the market. See, because it's all about high level conversations. I'm not coming with what you coming with on YouTube.
If you see my conversation about the metaphysics of money and if you think I taught you something about money, then make sure you get this free resource. Be a met you ask me to come get a people of Brooklyn something. I'm giving you something that's dear to my heart and that's gonna help you get money right now.
'cause we don't just come to motivate. We don't just come to motivate. I'm not a motivational speaker. All right, I'm an informational speaker. I come to give you something you can use today. With that being said, with that being said, I want y'all to know one thing. When we start knowing better, we start doing better.
All right? So know what you can know. Fact check what you're getting offline because it's not real fact. Check it. Start using these devices. In fact, encourage your elder people to use these devices. 'cause it's not like back in the day where they just like, oh, what is that? I don't need to learn how to use that phone.
Yes they do. They're gonna find themselves stuck somewhere. Can't even pay somebody money 'cause they don't know how to operate their phone. I'm going through this with my students in my school. Trust me so I know. So if you home, make sure your people are hip to the digitization and the changes that's going on in the technological world.
With that being said, I wanna bring out my good brother, 19 keys. Man. He always bring me out with 'em. Great brother. These brothers pivoted so well. Whatever the situation that transpired. We are not rappers, we are not entertainers. We come here for the people so if it go wrong and you happen to pay for it, just ride with us.
'cause he kept his energy the same the whole time. His energy was directed to come here and deliver a message to y'all. So without further ado, I'm gonna bring my brother out here. 19 keys. I'm gonna bring the brilliant Ryan Leslie out here. And you guys got two geniuses you about to receive a high level of information from.
All right, y'all ready? Get on your feet then. 'cause the show starting right now. Let's go. Let's go. Demonstrate our path we created in our mind. Ain't no platform for this design, but we know exactly who we are. And I know we could go far. If you know that you don't come from the stars that come from you, you God, you straight there.
Him, you supposed to have this earth. But first you gotta take over this turf. Are we feeling tonight? We feeling good still?
I want to give a moment right now, a moment of silence for two people.
My brother Baba Haru, who is a true pillar in this community. You know, I got this chain on. He made this for me. You know what I mean? And all the rings are always war. And he called it jewelry. And um, we did an episode and he was given a breakdown about the on, you know, that's the father of the on you understand me.
And when he passed, you know, you have to celebrate the transition of elders, especially those who did they job. And the reason I started high level conversations, one of 'em was so that we can make sure that when an elder passed, that library is not gone right. And having the opportunity to sit down with him in over three hours.
And he was so joyful and elated to sit there and share his wisdom. 'cause he knew it was go out there and it was going to reach the people. And when it got back he was like, brother, I didn't know this. Many people watched you. He was so happy. And every time I seen him, he was, he was like, brother keys man, you're doing wonderful things.
And that type of energy matters because you get a lot of hate from people outside who don't understand who you are on the inside. So when you have people who really see you, you know what I mean, that energizes you, right? So when he passed, man, it really hurt me. You understand me? Not in a sense to where, you know, God's timing is everything, but it's like, I wish I would've had another opportunity to share more of his wisdom.
You understand me? And we gotta really respect our elders and what they represent. Because our culture was built off of oral history. It was built off the connection that we had from the elders in the youth. And they was able to pass down that wisdom. And so when that's lost, we lose so much and we're constantly trying to get it back.
But I want us to take a moment of silence also for our sister, a shadow of Shakur, a powerful leader. Everything she spoke was truth. And she talked about nation building, having her own land, having her own liberation. She was not passive at all when it came to liberation. 'cause she didn't believe in passive liberation.
She talked about appealing to the moral consciousness of those who oppressed you. You have to be a fool if you think that they're gonna all of a sudden grow humanity. When they built they empire of being devils. But she had the type of spirit that needs to be in every single one of us. Not just the women, but the men too.
'cause Someon, the brothers is cowards. Those are the type of elders that when you think about who you become and you pray, you become that type of elder. You pray that you become a statesman in your community because of your contribution. So I want us to take a moment in time and honor them for everything that they stood for.
Because they lived for us. They lived for us. And the beauty of both of them, they was able to live out their days because they take so many of us before. It's our time. So let's bow our heads and take a moment in time and silence. Take a deep breath,
Ashay.
Now give some energy and some noise for 'em. Let them know that we carrying on that spirit of liberation.
I wanna make sure I acknowledge the queen mother of full in the building as well. Thank you for your presence.
I heard she rode on a bike over here. Man, that just brought so much joy to my spirit because I was just imagining you on that bike. And we are at that point in time and now where it has to really be about longevity. Like I'm on a mission to make sure that the biological age of black America comes down, right?
Because some of you all may be 30, but biologically you like 50. Make no goddamn sense. Now I just did my biological test. I'm biologically young. I'm trying to get it down to 19 body mass index, somewhere around 11% visceral fat on one. I'm handling my business, you understand me? But I say that because the black community specifically, we have some of the most talented, powerful melanated bodies.
You see 'em in the Olympics, in the sports arenas. We can do everything. You understand me? I seen a brother on the, on the tennis court, he did a move where he jumped and he shot her between his legs and then he won. That's why they be hating on us. But then you go to the hoods in America and we have the most diseases.
We have the hypertension, high blood rates. I was in Bermuda, they obesity rate was 68%.
So you can't be God body energy. You can't even stand for 20 minutes. And you're young knees is crackling. You don't got energy for your child. 'cause you don't have no energy. Testosterone is low. So your willfulness and independent thought is weakened. So they got us on all these unnatural foods and rhythms.
And we're not controlling ourselves. The disease is controlling us. The parasites are controlling us. So we need a collective fast from social media, from their foods, from their environments. I remember one time met sister, queen of fool, and she was doing a day of silence. She pulled up on me and ain't said a word to me.
It was beautiful. I said, I can't wait to do that.
I'm gonna have somebody. No, the brother is, you know, speaking today, it is a, it is an hour of silence. You know, just customize for you. No, but think about that because I believe that to get tapped into that God mind silence, darkness, and stillness, and you can master silence, darkness, and stillness. You understand me?
You can be in control of yourself completely. So when I wanna get away from it, I gotta just sit down and just calm myself first thing in the morning. I need some silence, some darkness and some stillness. Your anxiety rate get high. You in a social environment, go find you some silence, darkness, and stillness.
And you can always do it immediately. 'cause y'all in New York City, man, when I was just in the island, I'm over there hearing the waves and the birds and the bees. Then I get over here, y'all honking and cursing each other out. Messed up my silence, darkness and stillness. But I believe it's so powerful because you literally get into what they call deep work and deep focus, right?
Where your brain goes into this state to where it is completely focused on the task at hand, right? And when you have notifications on your phone, it disrupts that state. So now if you can't concentrate long enough, then you cannot manifest anything. So they keep you in an erratic state of distraction knowing that the God mind needs concentration.
When we were birthed into this world, our mothers had to concentrate. They had to concentrate passion to push us into a portal, into another dimension. And you have thoughts that you have to concentrate that same passion. Not be afraid of the pain, not procrastinate. Why? Because procrastination is the abortion clinic of genius.
So a lot of time when we don't wanna put in the effort, we're looking for something that feels rewarding because we are in our feelings and the work that's required to move forward don't require feelings. You have the rise above emotions into the thinking of a God. So when we talking about building wealth, we're talking about raising the next generation.
When we talking about wellness, wellness is the new wealth. Because if you don't have the cognitive asset and the ability to think, I don't care what billion dollar tool I give you, you gonna ask, how do I use this? You don't know how to use your brain first, then interface with the machine. Second, you're using the machine to tell a human being what to do.
But they built the machine off the human being. So when we talking about wealth, we really just talking about getting back into the proper alignment of self. 'cause it's self love. When you love yourself, right? You're doing the things that are in alignment so that you continue to produce growth. Your health is an asset, your brain is an asset.
If you are not reading more than you go to the goddamn club, what type of life are you building? The books is where the power is. The books is where the power, we gotta go old school because even reading on a paper book is not the same stimulation as reading on the digital phone. So they're giving you all this conveniences and they're robbing you of your true wealth, saying while you eat some fast food is robbing you of the nutrients, making you feel full.
But you just full of shit. So now people are getting information and they feel like they feeling they brain, but they don't have no understanding. Can't break it down. Just trying to memorize words and information and hoping it sounds good enough to go viral. That's all we wanna do. Act like viruses and just spread things.
Misinformation, malformation, lack of understanding, our own ignorance. Ugly selfies. Yeah, I said it. Tired of them selfies. I'm messing with y'all. Y'all are beautiful people. Not y'all people outside the room.
But it's serious though. 'cause the way I look at it is they, they taking the assets, the land, right? They taking the bitcoin, the gold and all of that and they're gonna continue to raise the price until you can no longer afford it. And their plan is to continue to get it to a point where gold will be somewhere around 10,000.
Right? Bitcoin be somewhere around a million and they fluctuating the price hoping that you don't believe in it while they're accumulating more, right? Housing prices. The skyrocket, the American dream is dead and they hoping this causes nihilism to where you don't believe in that none of your actions matter.
And when you don't believe they matter, then you're going to gamble. So they gonna build you the casinos, you gonna be betting on the games. 'cause you say, why would I invest? That's long term. Somebody else owns the system. That's why you have to create your own. What they're really destroying is your belief in self.
When we talking about building, we talking about your discipline, we talking about can you create a goal, right? And be in control of yourself until you meet that goal. It's the same thing when you go into the gym and you working out. It has to be consistently, you don't build muscle in one day. You build it over time.
But without family, there is no wealth without black men and women. I'm talking about ordinary black men and won't y'all have to stop acting like everybody's a celebrity? You know what I mean? They be on there talking, I want six feet, six inches, six figures. Everybody ain't got all that. That's 1% on this planet.
So what they did is they create these outlandish standards so you're not attracted to each other. No. Go get with a truck driver. Go get you a plumber. Yeah, go get you a plumber. Everybody ain't gonna be outside driving, no Aston Martin or nothing. Go get you a plumber. He got consistent money coming in.
You know what I mean? Our grandparents and great grandparents, they was with average men and average man was with average women, right? It was an ordinary thing. But now they feel like you feel like you got so much that you looking down on a person that you should love. That's how they destroy a community.
'cause your taste level is not each other. It's something that don't even exist. 'cause we start performing for an algorithm. So now when I see what somebody else has, same thing that happens when somebody win the lottery, it makes everybody else poor 'cause they trying to keep up with things they can't afford.
So instead of being satisfied and happy, what you have, you're always looking at somebody else. So when we talking about wealth, it first starts with self. 'cause it ain't hard to build wealth. It's the organization and the discipline of one thoughts, you know what and how much money you're making and what percentage that you can afford.
You sitting there, you done watch Market Mondays every Monday and ain't made one decision. It's good entertainment, huh? We need to stop doing that. So the brother that I'm bringing in today, this brother, he went to college at 15, graduated Harvard at 19 years old. That boy cold. But I met with this brother and um, I started using his platform SuperPhone, you know, the one that Nipsey Hussle was using and things of that nature to communicate directly to his fan base.
And he's building these alternative systems, these tools, right? He was more than just a musician. He's poly mathic, similar to what we all need to be going into this new day and age, right? People that understand that it's not about human doing, it's about what human being and as a human being, he understands the full slogan.
It is better to beat right? A jack of all trades than a master of one. But they never told us that. So you felt bad having multiple interests because they needed you to check one box so that they can control you in that one box forever, right? So when I want to communicate with people, I'm able to send out a communication line directly to people.
When we talk about media and communication, it was so important 'cause we were communicating thoughts to our people that were outside the communication lines of the oppressors. That's what made the Black Panthers in the nation and, and all the other organizations powerful was media. But what did that media do?
Communicate ideas. So as we building our nation building app, working with my brother, Ryan Leslie, to utilize his business. So every time we had a high level conversation, y'all ever get one of my texts? And it ain't text back though, but he calls it a source of truth in the world today. And I think we can frame a lot of this conversation we about to have around this.
What is your source of truth? How do you know what you looking is real, right? How do you have the ability to observe and orient, then act? Because now you're gonna be watching things and you gonna think it's true, but your internet is different than this person's internet. They're showing you something different.
So you developing different perspectives. So now when y'all talk, you think you know what you talking about, right? And they think they know what they talking about because you did your research and they did they research, but it gave y'all different truths. So now the community does not have a source of truth than the community is divided because we can't control the narratives and the stories that are told in the minds of the people.
That is why Benjamin Netanyahu had a meeting with the social influencers and he said, social media is the most important weapon in warfare, but we ain't catch that. We still plan with this media thing. This not a tool to play around with. This is the very tool that is fighting for the vision of the future.
And if you think that their vision and their control and their ideas and their agendas have won out, then they already got you. 'cause all they needed to do was invade your consciousness and give you their beliefs. But what is your vision for the future? So I'm about to bring up my brother and I want y'all to give him some really good and gracious energy.
But before I do that, I also wanna acknowledge my good sister Erica Ford in the building, A pillar in the community. My sister, I appreciate you, both of you all have been on high level conversation. Real alumni. I think that we have to honor the women in our community that do the work, like real work, right?
There's a lot of women that the world look up to and they get the energy, and they get the applause and all of those things of that nature. But y'all are the type of women that gracefully our young girls need to know, right? So I want to honor you, and I bow to you, and I appreciate you, and I thank you for all that you've done in this community.
All the lives that you save, all the peace that you've brought to the conflict of the gangs in the street, right? I know how hard it is that no matter how much acknowledgement you get, it can never give you back those nights. It can never give you back those days. You understand me and you've given so much of your life to the community that the community has to give so much back to you.
So I just want to thank you for that.
Now, can I bring out Ryan Leslie? So without further ado, I'm about to bring up this genius right now we about to have a powerful conversation so that you all have understanding on where the future is and you can develop your wealth plan. Come on out. My good brother Ryan. Leslie, as you probably know, is a rare breed went independent.
Ryan Leslie is CEO of one of the most amazing platforms on the planet and messaging called SuperPhone. He's a Grammy nominated recording artist. He's actually just as good, if not better at being a tech CEO multi-platinum producer. He learned how to code harnessing social media in a way that hadn't really been done before.
And avid technologist, taking control of his own artistic career, built an app. He's running his own businesses in a way that very few artists are on this level. Brian Leslie, like learned how to write code and Ruby and like has developed software and so forth. We got the legend, Ryan Leslie in the building.
Ryan Leslie, hundreds of thousands of followers. Harvard Graduate Studio Time with Madonna, Jay-Z, Kanye West, and Beyonce. I mean, I think it's just obvious, it's just ridiculous, you know, to just give any celebrity, uh, a creative director role of anything. There's only like three guys that I think could even possibly work, you know, consistently in that It's Ryan, Leslie, me and Will.
I'm,
you see me on the stage and you know, you see a legend salute. You used to head the studio when the suit fresh. Now I got the blueprint. Follow where I leave. You say the,
alright. First I want to thank you my brother because you know, I ain't had no budget and he did this for free. But I, I wanna speak to the heart of my brother because he could have been anywhere and he decided to be here part of this movement talking to you all to the people, right? So that we can use this platform to reach more people so they have guidance in a very uncertain future.
Right. So I want to thank you for your time and I wanna honor that time and get straight to it. Yes sir. You have a, well, first I wanna talk about this idea of a source of truth. I think in a world of disinformation, misinformation and malformation where anyone can be manipulated and the consciousness of our people can be manipulated and anybody can share information and make it sound good, right?
What is the idea of source of truth and how do you find your own? Yeah, for sure. So I came up, uh, many people know me from music first, and, uh, when I put up my first record, uh, we sold about 180,000 copies. Now, back then, I wasn't actually deemed to be that successful, right? Because, uh, a gold record is 500,000, a platinum record is a million.
So 180,000 doesn't even scratch the surface of gold. So I did my second album. My second album came out and sold 60,000, which is only one third of the 180,000. And I recall. Stepping into the marketing meeting at my label, and I said, look, we're in a modern time and we know that 180,000 units were sold the first time around, and we know that at that time it was even before streaming.
So we know that people actually bought these records digitally. How is it therefore that if they were bought digitally, we don't have an email address on every single person that bought the first album. And the second album was actually Grammy nominated. So arguably it was a subjectively better body of work than the first, but it sold only one third.
And that was the moment when they looked at me and didn't have a great answer that I bought my contract back and said, I'm gonna do it direct. And the bottom line was, as I looked at the landscape, and when we look at, uh, technology, just in general, if you're not paying for the product, then you are the product.
So when you give your information for free to sign up for some entertainment platform, they know everything. And that's a great way to run a business. And so when I looked at the trajectory of the business minds and leaders that I respected the most, I realized that there were so many young entrepreneurs that accelerated their pathway to success by owning their audience and owning their data.
And so I said, look, if I would like to accelerate my pathway to success, I then therefore should follow suit. And basically all I did was say, look, you know, I have 450,000 followers on Twitter. I have 300,000 followers on Instagram. I have 275,000 subscribers on YouTube. But I didn't have a single phone number on any one of those.
And if I was operating in that same lack of information, then I was no different than the label from whom I had bought my rights. And so I said, look, in order to receive, I must give. And so in 2013, I just gave everybody my cell phone number on Twitter, right? I said, look, you know, uh, if you wanna buy my next album, just go ahead and send me a text and I'll text you a link.
And it was the first time. Now, once again, when we look at the numbers, 180,000, the first time, 60,000, the next time, 15,000. On the next one. But on that 15,000, I knew every single buyer. And to the point of what my brother 19 is building, I knew not only that they bought the album before the first time I knew which city they were in.
So when it was time to play on my tour, I could send a text. 'cause I had a, I had a cell phone number on everybody. Now I could send a text message and say, Hey look, why don't you come out? I'm gonna be in Paris, I'm gonna be in Chicago. I'm gonna be in dc, I'm gonna be in New York, I'll be in la, I'll be in Houston, I'll be in Miami.
And those tickets were sold out, not because the person that bought the album came alone, but when you come to an experience, you bring those with whom you wish to enjoy the experience. The album was just a gateway. It was pay what you want, $4, $12. Some people gave me $50, the ones that gave me a thousand, I remember those, right?
But the beauty was, if the album was 15 and the concert was 60 and you bought the album on your own, but you brought four or five to the concert, you can do the math. 30,000 tickets at $60 a ticket. And once again, the sovereignty and ownership of the data a repository that then became my source of truth.
Mm.
I think about that a lot. Um, and that was the reason why, you know, I wanted to use SuperPhone in the first place. Especially knowing that when you're doing things independent, right, you can't go through other people channels because they control that. And that's really their value. I will manage you, which means that I'll let you use my connections.
And sometimes they will collect the data for you and then give you no access, even though they're only getting the data because people wanna see you. Right? And so we have a lot of outdated models that really just don't make any sense for people to use. Right. And because they become the normal, right?
People say, well, that's just standard business. Remember the last person told me that? I say, well, I want to change standard business. You understand me? I like changing things. Like, that's like a, a, a passive way. People get over on you. That's just standard practice. Well, I like changing standard practices.
Let's come up with a new standard. I don't like that. Right. And I think that sometime we are, we afraid to voice that, not realize how much power you have. Right. Though right now on social media, people are burnt out. Mm-hmm. Right? They're burnt out of, there's doctors that have to dance for that algorithm.
They can't just teach medicine. They have to figure out how to get you a quick hook so that you would actually watch the content. Mm-hmm. Right? And it's creating a very kind of sick society of like a lot of slop and meaninglessness that we're watching, that we're engaging with. But I want to have meaningful communities that we build, especially if we have a long form dialogues and it's based on intellect or planning of wealth.
It can't just be a mean, you know what I mean? Or quick 15 second video that got you hooked. You shouldn't even really be buying nothing from those people. Mm-hmm. Right. If we being truthful in reality, because they're probably better at the content Right. Than the actual wealth planning. You understand me?
And it forces people to be better at this thing to make it shiny. And that's who the algorithm rewards and it controls our behavior as well, because we start performing for such algorithm. So when it comes to, you know, number one, wealth planning itself, right? So let's say, you know, how can a person utilize that source of truth, of having a community in a matter of where, how many artists are in here?
Yeah. We got some, we got, okay. That brother believe in this music. You know what I'm saying? Shout out to that brother. I, I truly believe that it's better to have, you know, a thousand core fans than it is a million streams. Mm-hmm. Right? If you can get them to pay you a hundred dollars a year, you got six figures.
Yes. Average artist don't make that at all. So how can an artist today use that same platform similar to how Nipsey Hus did? 'cause I feel like you put out the platform, but it's still overlooked. Yeah. Well, I would say first and foremost, uh, if we were to do an exercise this evening and everyone here that was in attendance had the opportunity to just, you know, pull out their mobile device and uh, scroll all the way down and see how many contacts they have, the reality is if you do that exercise and you look at that number, it will give you calls for reflection.
How did all these people actually get in my phone anyway? Right. The other striking fact is that we are likely only in touch with about three to 5% of the people that ever made it into our phone. If we could double, triple, quadruple the number of people with whom we are engaged, our impact, our inspiration.
Would also therefore be multiplied. And so many times artists will come to me and say, Hey, you know what? Uh, I want to get a thousand or 10,000 or a hundred thousand people in my phone. The reality is I always advise and guide and counsel them to create a circle of fives and they say, well, a circle of fives, what do you mean by that?
I said, well, look, pick the five categories that are most important to your success. Find and build relationships with five people in each one of those categories. So if you're an artist, for an example, just to put it in perspective, let's say that you feel the most important categories of people are a manager, an attorney, a music producer, and someone that does content, and someone that does, let's say music publishing, right?
If you ask the average artist, do they even have one person in each one of those categories? They might say, ah, not really. If you put the energy, the effort, the intention on finding, identifying and building five in each category, well, when your number one producer is busy, you got a number two, a three, a number four, and number five.
And it allows you to sustain, accelerate, and make more efficient your process. Now, if you wanna apply that to any business that you have, if you wanna apply that to any endeavor in which you aspire to have success, it's not always about
a wide scale of folks, but it's about the depth of the relationship. Now, as human beings, we actually have an incredible power, and so it's almost like a superpower. And that superpower is when you meet someone, usually it takes you less than a second to instantly identify whether you trust that person.
And all of you have likely experienced this in your lives. You meet someone for the first time and say, man, that's my bro right there, that's my dog. You just met him. But you have that discernment. The other piece that differentiates us from artificial intelligence is when you do scroll through all those people in your phone book.
You have as a human being versus an algorithm, you have an uncanny ability to gauge the strength of the relationship. You can look at somebody's name and if I say, how tight are you with that person? You'll just know it's instinctive. So when you understand that you have that kind of superpower above and beyond what they would want us to believe in terms of dependence on technology, then you realize that intention and value when it comes to relationships will be the differentiator in your pathway to success.
And so growing up, I always understood that an emotional connection sometimes will lead to an irrational decision now for better or for worse, right? And I want you to think about that. I know there's that somebody in your life and trust me, I've written songs about it, right? Where, and I, I actually have, have, you know, I've, I've had, uh, a pretty public relationship, right?
And you probably listen to my albums and be, oh, you listen to them a little bit differently now given all the news that's going on, right? But the bottom line is that an emotional connection can lead to any irrational decision for better or for worse. I'll leave you with that story. My father, he's from the Caribbean islands, and uh, he gave his life, as did his father in the service of others in the Salvation Army.
But what he understood is that by sacrificing now in the service of others, he was storing up treasures in heaven. That's what he was told. He said, well, look, treasures in heaven ain't gonna pay my, uh, medical bills when I get old. So Ryan, you gotta go to school, brother. So that's what I did and I wanted to accelerate that pathway.
I got accepted to Harvard at 14. I started at 15. By 19, I was, uh, delivering the Harvard oration at my graduation. My father, though, was relatively disappointed. My father was, uh, as well a polymath. He, um, not only gave of himself in the service of others, but also went to law school. And he truly desired that.
I may also follow in his footsteps and become a doctor or a lawyer. And actually that's what I told everybody on my way to Harvard. 'cause that's what they were given the checks and scholarships for. Now, my freshman year, I actually discovered. That there was another brother who put his first album out when he was 11 or 12.
That brother was named Stevie Wonder. I remember that phone call vividly when I told my dad, Hey, I don't want to be a neurosurgeon anymore. I'd like to be Stevie Wonder. He said, boy, you lost your mind. They say that an overnight success takes 10 years. I graduated from school and much to my own dismay, I ended up three to five years later, right back on my father's couch.
And he could have given me a lecture. He could have, he could have said, I told you so, boy. But what did he do? Because of that emotional connection, he made an irrational decision. He said, Ryan, if you could have changed anything, what would you change? And I said, well, I never have my own equipment. He said, well, how much does it cost?
I said, well, how much you got? He said, well, I don't have anything, but I did just get this credit card offer in the mail. It is, it says it'll gimme about a $15,000 limit. I said, um, uh, that that happens to be exactly the budget I need for the equipment I was looking for. Now, my father's a very shrewd man.
He's a smart man, but he did at that time that which was irrational. And he went and maxed that credit card out to buy that equipment, not knowing how he would actually even cover the minimums. But he did make me a deal. He said, Ryan, here's what we're gonna do. 'cause he still had in his mind that he could get me to go to law school.
So he said, look, here's what we'll do. I will max this credit card out for 15,000. We are going to get your equipment. You can make music as much as you want, but you gotta study for the law school admissions test, and you gotta make me a deal. If I give you 15,000, I give you five years. You gotta gimme double my money back.
And I said, well, how am I gonna do that? He said, well, if you go to law school, it only takes three. So two years outta law school, you should be making enough to give me double my money back. Now, that was any rational decision. I agreed. I said, yeah, that's a good deal. I'll take it. Swipe right. But really the takeaway is that the emotional connection when it is built, and obviously this is the connection between a father and his son, but over time you can build these kinds of relationships with mentors, with colleagues, with clients, with friends, and you can even deepen the relationship that you have with family.
And when those relationships truly blossom and the seeds are planted in good soil, those irrational decisions. Become the decisions that can be life changing.
As I'm listening to this, I, I think about alignment and resonance, right? 'cause we was upstairs and I was telling you about the nation building app Zion, and it's really about creating highly aligned communities, right? People who already subconsciously right. Align with each other without having to have some private conspiracy.
Our ethnicity is already aligned. Our values, our mission, what we want out of life is already in line. The problem is, do we have that ability to communicate with each other at any given time? Right? I'm sure there's brothers right now, like, man, I, I really wanna work with Brother Keys. I got millions of dollars for him.
He just don't know. I don't know. But if I could communicate with 'em and we can put everybody, and you said upstairs something important and you was just talking about like the transparency and the truth of number one, people knowing what you have and what you need. Right? I think we make a lot of assumptions about each other, therefore we don't even know how to contribute to each other.
Right? And so every time I go around and I see my community in the tribe, 'cause it's fine your tribe season and I see 'em out here, I'm like, damn, you don't even know the person sitting next to you might be exactly who you need. Mm-hmm. Right? Might be exactly who you need. You might need somebody to do management operations.
I got a brother in here where my brother sha secure at my, my brother own a bank where he be giving you understand me, uh, uh, people credit and, and loans and things of that nature. Mm-hmm. How many people in here can use some extra money? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Now he ain't giving away no money. Relax. But I wanna let you know he exists.
He upfront, he got one of them crowns on zone, but there's other people in this audience and I feel bad because we come here and we ignite the people and I'm like, it don't mean nothing if it's a moment, right? Mm-hmm. So it's like, how do we turn this when I go to New York, then we go to Houston, then we go to Chicago, then we go to Ohio, then we about to be in Ghana, then we about to be in Nigeria.
Like, that's my tribe, you feel me? And what happens if we can put them all in one place? Right now you can list out your resources. We can tell what the collective goal is. Now you have a place to fit into that. And let me tell you why it's so important. When they build the artificial, the, the, the super A GI, right?
And it really replaces the jobs. It's gonna leave a mass populous lost not knowing what the hell to do. Because your identity is tied to right. What you do, how you contribute. So if you build a community to where people can contribute, right? They have value. So the top line is contribution, then community.
Right. And so everything about it is about how do I come to this platform? How do I come in this space and what do I have to offer and not what does it have to offer me? Yes. So we can, now, when you go on social media, there's no way to track your impact. There's some people lives in here, I change, but I don't know.
'cause you just like a post. 'cause there's only one metric. It just gives me data on whether that was a man or a woman. And you understand me? Don't even gimme your income levels. And the thing is, we give our data over to everybody else but each other, right? So it's hard for us to make decisions to know what you need because I don't know you.
Right? So like when I go to places, like I was in Bermuda and I had to spend some time talking to the people before I, you know, gave my speech about financial literacy because they have one of the highest income per capita. They problems ain't our problems. They got some money, right? But they also live in one of the most expensive places in the world.
So now what I'm learning that they, 90% of 'em don't have life insurance. Right? So now I can speak to that. I can be an actual real value, right? But then those people, they can't wait for me to come back next month. They like, bro, you need to stay over here. We need this. But I'm like, what if we just make the community a network within itself?
Because we already exist. We just fragmented. We have a nation, we just fragmented. We brag about our spending power, but it's fragmented. We don't control it. And so you said that you put out a text message and 15,000 people bought that album. Mm-hmm. Right? Now, if you didn't do that, that email, which is gold, which is that data would've went to that company, then you would've had to give them splits.
Plus they own the gold from the labor that you did. Mm-hmm. So I've been doing nothing but DTC my whole time that I've been on the platform going direct to consumer, which most people can't do that. So in this day and age of creating a highly aligned community, I want to talk about wealth plan. Because I think what you've done as I'm listening to your history, right?
You took the intellect from when you were younger and every space you get into that you innovate, right? You get into music. But how do I connect with the people? Let me think a little more. I'm not just being a artist. I'm a human being that has other interest and abilities. So then you build out the tech platform, right?
But then you understand how important financial literacy is. In wealth building. You around billion dollar individuals with family offices, an average person don't know what that is, right? And so you're giving breakdowns to people on how they can build wealth. You see this financial literacy movement here and it is rising.
And then you build out wealth plan. Right? Now, how many people in here, and then be honest, I'm not talking about what you just scribbled down on the napkin somewhere, or what you wrote in your notes. How many people have a real wealth plan. Yeah. Now that person that said, yeah. Can you yell and explain to me what a wealth plan is?
Yes, sir.
Yes sir. Now my brother, I like it. I like it. It's not exactly what I was looking for, but I appreciate you. Right, right, right. Can you explain to me what a wealth plan is? Yeah, for sure. Um,
going back to that story with my father, I,
he always walked by faith and he said, look, you know, and just like his father, they both would always say, oh yeah, God will provide. Right. Whenever I hear that though, I'm reminded of an anecdote that I heard as a young boy and it's a story of a man who was stranded in the middle of a body of water.
And first there was a little, uh, fishing boat that came by. He said, Hey man, you need help. No, no, God will provide. Right? And the fishing boat said, all right, you sure went on by Now he's getting a little tired 'cause he's swimming. Hess getting a little tired. He hasn't eaten in a while. Somebody comes by on a jet ski.
Might even be DJ Khaled. Yo, you need help. Nah, nah, I'm okay. God will provide right. Little bit later on, a yacht comes by. Couple of folks are screaming from the balcony, Hey man, you need help? No, no. God will provide. A cruise ship comes by, they're dancing party and everything. Hey, look at this guy over here.
He needs help. Nah, nah. God will provide. And then he drowned. And when he got up to the pearly gates of heaven, he said, God, why you didn't save me? And God said, I sent you a fishing boat. I sent you, DJ Khaled it. I sent you a yacht and I sent you a cruise ship. At each time you overlooked the blessing in plain sight, that my friends in 2025 is the opportunity.
That is afforded to us in the public equities and financial markets. You can make money, you can earn money, but the true wealth plan is understanding how to make the money that you've made turn around and make money for you and your family forever and ever, and ever, and ever, and ever and ever. Amen.
Right? And so a wealth plan is not just about saying, okay, I'm gonna get in the stock market. In fact, today is very reminiscent of 1999 for an example. Why? Because as of today, literally today, the NASDAQ Index reached a price point higher than has ever been reached in the history of the stock market. So that means anybody could have been blindfolded, thrown a dart at the stock market anytime before today, and they made money.
That's not a wealth plan. And we're getting to a place where since COVID and since sort of the rise of financial literacy, financial TikTok, Finstagram, not the fake igram, but the financial Instagram, right? Anybody who bought anything using any strategy right before today made money. And we're at a place where people are not investing because of their understanding of the public equities markets.
They're investing because they feel like it's a mistake not to be there. The wealth plan is really understanding how to evaluate opportunities and how to navigate the financial ecosystem so that you have sovereignty of the wealth that you build. I'll give you a story about sovereignty. Uh, a few years back, you guys probably saw in that little, uh, sizzle reel.
I was called off of my tour to go and work on the Watch the Throne album. So I postponed a couple of days of my tour. I went to the studio. We, we did Bath England. We, we went out to a big mansion in Australia, and then I went back on tour and I had these recordings on my laptop in hard drive.
So it happened to be one of those nights where we did two or three encores and we had an after party that I had to go and appear at. Right now, usually my routine, routine, like my man AJ was just talking about right, was to take my belongings, put 'em in the safe before we went to the after party. But this night was a little bit different.
They said, listen, we don't have enough time. The club's gonna close. They already gave you the money. You gotta go. We went, we left my bags in the actual trunk of the car. I did the appearance. I came back out, the car was gone, the laptop was gone, the passport was gone. The money I made for that club show was gone.
I went on the news the next day. I said I got 30,000 no questions asked. Just bring it back. And then as I thought about it, I realized I had watched the throne multi-tracks on that laptop in hard drive. And I said, okay, the last hit record I made me and you earned over $5 million in royalties. Just one song.
So I can only imagine the value of the publishing and copyrights that are on that laptop and hard drive, right? So I said, you know what? Come to think of it. I got a million dollars for who will actually return that now. It just so happened that somebody was walking their dog in the park, saw a trash bag, happened to look in the trash bag and say, Hey, I found a laptop in the trash bag when I was walking my dog.
And it just so happened to have your passport in the book bag. The issue though was that the laptop had already been wiped for a resale, right? Because if you find a laptop, it's not really worth anything unless you can log into it, right? And you don't know what's on it. So you say, you know what? I'm gonna go ahead and wipe this, sell it, get to a $3,000 for it, right?
But they actually made the phone call and said, Hey look, uh, we got the laptop. Uh, can we get the million? I said, well, I could go get a new computer for $2,000 in Apple right now. Obviously the reward is for the return of the intellectual property. The tough lesson that I had to learn, 'cause I was a very early adopter of social media, is that I just put my own little message, reward message out, and due to a technicality, a law firm in New York took on the case of the German gentleman who found the laptop.
Hmm. Sued me and won. Now, if we talk about sovereignty the next day I went to my usual breakfast spot and I say, you know what? I want you, you just gimme the usual. But today was also a little bit different 'cause the guy behind the counter is just kind of staring at me and I said, man, I come in here all the time.
Why are you staring at me? He said, no, no, no, we good. We good. Okay. So he's making the breakfast, gives me the breakfast sandwich. I go to pay for the sandwich and my card has declined. So I'm like, okay, well that, that's not right 'cause I know I'm good. And he said, look, I I'm gonna make you a deal today.
I'll give you the sandwich for free if you take a picture with me. I said, well, I've been coming here for years, man. What you be, what you want a picture today? He said, yeah, 'cause today you on the front page of the New York Post, 'cause you lost a million dollars. So here's a sandwich for you brother. Right now.
I thought to myself, okay, uh, I appreciate the sandwich, but how is this possible? And so when I did a little bit of further investigation, as soon as you lose a judgment in federal court, well they can just go in your bank account and freeze it. So not even 24 hours after the verdict was awarded, my account was frozen.
Not 4 million, but 2.3. They say necessity is the mother of innovation. Well, I became a very astute and vigorous student of ways where I could have sovereignty of my own capital. And they say in every struggle there is when you've done well and done well for others, there is a silver lining. And it just so happened that at that time there was an emerging consciousness of a new currency where you could have sovereignty.
And the name of that currency was Bitcoin. And so, even though my accounts were frozen, I redirected all future payments in 2013 to be collected in Bitcoin.
At the time, Bitcoin was $128. I've been an investor in public equities for a long time. It's been a rollercoaster, but as of today, every single Bitcoin that was acquired, and you could just think about this, if I sold a hoodie for $47, it took me three hoodies to get one Bitcoin back then those three hoodies that were $128 have now grown a thousand fold.
So that my friends, is the fundamental concept of a wealth plan. One, knowing that you will earn, but in earning you must then learn how to take the funds that you earn and put them to work so that they work for you. And also it is about understanding that although we may feel that there is discrimination in many areas of our lives when we go to the brokerage or we go to the exchange, as long as we are equipped with the appropriate knowledge and understanding, and in many cases mentorship and guidance, we can find opportunities, we can find returns that are asymmetrical to the investments that we make.
That my friends is the Wealth plan.
Now the Wealth Plan is also a platform that you have Yes. Right. Where other people have the ability to, is it invest alongside of you? Yes. Alright. So they have the ability to invest alongside of you. Right. What is that exactly? I didn't get to do, I'm gonna be honest with you. I didn't get to do all my homework.
You understand me? I heard about the wealth plan. I looked it up a little bit, but I'm like, I didn't get to get my full dossier. Yeah, for sure. Right. So I said I'm just gonna ask him on stage. Yes sir. So, but when it comes to the wealth plan, I've heard you talk about thinking like on Drinks Champs. Mm-hmm.
Giving a, a, a breakdown about it. What makes, what you're doing with the Wealth Plan different than what other people are doing in the financial space? Yes. So the differentiation here is we understand that there are really two specific outcomes that anyone really wants when it comes to their Capital.
One outcome obviously is growth. The other is income. Why? Because income delivers optionality. If you can earn as much as you make, as when you trade your time for money, would you still trade your time? In that way, if you can earn as much as you make, as when you trade your time for money, would you trade your time for money?
In the same way, I had to actually have that conversation with my baby sister, right? My baby sister, uh, has spent her entire life in higher education. Her life changed when she had three beautiful babies, and in 2020, when the schools shut down, she had a revelation because she got to spend valuable, really invaluable time with those young seeds.
And I said, joy, if you could earn as much income as you do when you trade your time for money, would you trade your time for the same activities? She said, no. I said, okay, well, it's time to learn. And so I think our program, what differentiates us is really twofold. Number one, people now, based on our new infrastructure, they don't pay to be involved in our program.
We pay them, right? So there's a threshold in terms of what they invest, and for every member, they receive a monthly income as members. That monthly income is really about 1.2% per month. If you average that out, it's about 14% per year. And they can continue to do that over time if that's what they feel most comfortable doing.
And we have mothers, fathers, husbands, grandfathers, grandmothers, fiances that say, you know what? I don't wanna have to learn all this stuff, but I do like that 1.2% every month. So that's the first piece we pay our members, right? The second though is our goal is not to actually hold their capital and pay them.
Our goal is actually to, while they are earning their learning so that they can then be custodians of their capital and earn even more than the 1.2 that they receive when they actually become members. Many of our members are earning 3, 4, 5, 7, 11% per month on their capital. And this is not being done in the buy side of trades.
It's being done on the sell side. The sell side is really designed to put our members in the seat of the house, the casino. The lottery, not the gambler, but the owner of the casino. What does that mean? If you think about the New York State lottery, the New Jersey State Lottery, if you go and buy a ticket and you don't win, do you get a refund?
No, you don't. Right? But if you go and buy a ticket and you do win, the state still wins because that big prize you get
50% is going back to them. Right? If you take the lump sum right. So believe it or not, the financial markets have that same kind of opportunity where you can basically sell to the speculators. And our club is specifically designed to put our members in the mindset and mentality of owners. And that's a theme that we keep coming back to this evening.
Sovereignty of your capital, sovereignty of your data, sovereignty of your relationships, sovereignty of your knowledge that will get you to the place that you aspire to be. And so that's a differentiation. Most investment clubs, they'll ask you for a monthly fee. They'll ask you for some kind of fee for the information.
For us, we have once again, inverted the pyramid. You entrust capital to us, we deliver you a monthly distribution. You learn how that monthly distribution, 'cause people will say, well how are you doing this? Well, you, you learn how to do it. And then you take sovereignty control, you take a redemption of your capital, and then you go and do it on your own for 2, 3, 4 times the amount that you were getting as a distribution.
So that's really, I think, just scratching the surface of our differentiation. But that is, uh, of all the work that I've done, some of the most important work because of the change I have seen in the lives of those who understand better and with greater clarity, how to truly navigate the financial ecosystem of which we're a part in America.
Now, I wanna say, when it comes to like assets mm-hmm. Trading. Mm-hmm. Stock market, things of that nature. Even IP economics is gonna change in a completely different way. And the reason it's important is because our people are going to get hit the hardest, the hardest outta everybody. We gonna get hit the hardest 'cause what we don't know will hurt us fast.
And things are what they call the accelerationist. They're trying to speed up the downfall of America. So in it rebirth, they have control. And the ways that we are able to make money and the frivolousness of our spending, you will not be able to afford that in the future. That's true. So things that you are able to take for granted, you will no longer be granted that privilege.
Mm-hmm. And it's gonna hit you so fast. You're gonna wish you paid attention years ago. Right. And so the hardest things to get us to pay attention to are the most necessary things. Mm-hmm. It's easy to lead us in a wrong direction. It's hard to lead us in a Right. Right. They know that long-term thinking for people that's often in survival mode goes out the window.
Mm-hmm. Right? They know that when it comes to sitting down and learning, when you barely have focus, that's out the window. But I'm telling you right now, this is your survival. See, when he's talking about a community, right. Having group of people around you that you can teach and learn from, gives you contribution, makes you feel a part of something.
But what happens when them asset prices rise? You understand me? And people just start automating all of their trading and things of that nature. Right. And you don't have that automation and you're like, what am I going to do? I can't get this job anymore. 300,000 black women lost their job. But what happened to all the people that's trying to teach you how to automate this wealth?
Yes. So these are things that I believe as they're revolutionary now will be standards in the future. Right. And you're going to have to start developing that understanding yesterday. Right. If you wanna be on time today. That's true. So when it comes to wealth planning, I think the number one, first thing you have to really define wealth for yourself.
I think wealth is a personal thing that really nobody can define for you because it goes to the standard of living. Right. And what freedom is to you. Right. Because everybody has a different level of freedom. Some people want to travel the world and like finer things. Some people just don't wanna worry about anything and they sit in their house all day and relax.
But they're free because they're away from the constraints of the chains of bills and anxiety. Right. And so when you define wealth for yourself, and especially connecting is sitting around your family, right? And y'all having conversations, preferably over dinner, you're building with each other and you start talking about, okay, what is wealth for us?
Because it maybe it's not everybody in the family that are the one that can architect a wealth plan, but at least it has to be one person, right? Somebody that can sit at that table and say, okay, here's our long-term plan. This is how we're going to get there every single month and we're gonna work till we get there.
Right. We know how to put money up. I think that the idea of. And I would love for you to, um, explain this for us. The idea of a family office, right, is very important. And it's something that we haven't gotten into because it's typically for individuals that got $50 million. But I think that things that have been done for the elites will now be the responsibility of everyone.
The world is changing. We used to not have a private car service that was just for Rich, used to not have a private chef. Now you can Uber eat whenever you want to. You used to not have timeshares. You understand me Now you got Airbnb. All of these things that were just for the elites are coming down as just regular services for everyone.
Now, when it comes to wealth, that same thing is there. As much as I believe in even crypto, I still believe that everybody should be owning some hard gold, right? I always look at the, the, the, the, the biggest holders of gold or Indian women. And it's not that they just teach, right? Holding gold. It's just a normal cultural wealth standard, right?
And so if I ask the question, what is the wealth standard that we all have? There's no collective black wealth standard. There isn't one unfortunately. So the goal is how do we make these things standard where there are practices that young people see that we do, and then they do the same thing. Because when they put out that 2053, we will have 0% wealth.
What they were saying is that we hold no assets, right? And you want to be able to hold assets so that you actually have a net worth, right? And so it's the most important thing in the world that we're focusing on our economic liberation. Because right now we're pissed, meaning that we have poverty induced stress disorder, right?
And because we don't have the money to take care of our health, it stresses us out more. And we stay in this cycle, right? And then we can't think in the future, even though we have all these tools, and we should be focusing on actualization of who we want to become. We should be focusing on our imagination, right?
Because it's a weird and uneasy feeling to be in a limitless world, but feel limited still, right? Every single day you hear about a new AI tool, but who has the capacity, right? Like you got SuperPhone. We got Supermind, and we created that because we believe that cognition is the number one asset of the future.
Because if you can't think, then what is time for you? If, if we break down wealth planning and then afterwards you hop on your phone, you get busy, there's problems that come to you done forgot everything right now. You never get back to the energy and the vibration and the space that we in today. And now you three months in, right?
The government shut down. Something doesn't happen. And you like, damn, why didn't I listen to them brothers when I had the chance? Where did time go? I ain't never had no time to think. But capacity is your ability for production. So you have the capability but not the capacity. And mostly because we don't have the clarity.
And I believe that what you are giving is really giving a breakdown of clarity, right? Because during the time we need guidance, right? And so whether you are a part of my Brother's wealth plan, you understand me or you are a part of something, you need a wealth plan. 'cause without no plan, you just planning the what?
Fail, right? So your current plan without win is just the plan to fail, right? And so I believe that we are in a war, and I'm gonna phrase everything as a war because business is warfare, right? If we can keep you all distracted, then we never have to worry about you never. What my brother is doing and what we doing with the nation building app and what he's doing with SuperPhone, these are the tools for nation building, right?
These are the tools for nation building. Every single people around us in different communities, they do this already is a lot of this is standard practice. We're still catching up and we can't afford that time, right? I can't afford to just sit here and continue to just teach. I'm at that point in time now, Ryan, where it's, I want to give you the orders.
I only want to be around highly aligned individuals that is ready for it, right? Because I know your time is precious and you don't have time speaking to people who don't get it. And you don't have to yet. But we have to build trust-based alliances because I believe that we can increase our wealth just by giving each other permission.
So if I say, man, I got a million followers. You don't have none, but I give you permission to represent my base. Now you going in there right to somebody and you want to get a deal. You say, man, not only do I got a new product, I got a million followers, right? They like, where are your followers? Well, look at my portfolio.
19 keys is in there. You understand me? And you can have a media company. And if I don't have one, you say, well, can I use your media just by permission? And when you break the community, we don't have permission to use each other in a valuable way, right? That's what they really destroy. And it destroys our wealth.
'cause we think we alone even when we in a room full of people, you feel me? So the true wealth plan at the end of the day is our unity. Because if you are a loan, you are in danger, right? I love the Japanese system of Rasu, right? Where you have a group of companies investing in each other. And I took that idea and that's what I was coming into the nation building with.
Like how do you take people that have horizontal businesses or vertical infrastructures and you get them to invest and get small base of equity in each other? And the Japanese did that because at the World War ii, they was trying to figure out how do we maintain our resilience so that any outside forces don't destroy our businesses while we're going through economic calamity and trying to rebuild.
So I thought about that model for our people because we practice capitalism. Right, which puts us in consistent competition with each other, but they practice harmony, capitalism, where it's not just about scalability, it's about sustainability. How do we not just optimize for capital, but how do we optimize for loyalty?
How do we keep people inside the circle of trust? You understand me? Once they find them a source of trust. So now those people are not thinking about retiring because the business infrastructure is consistently set up to make sure you have a certain quality of life. You understand me now, speaking of retiring, you tried to retire, you know what I'm saying?
But I see you did some music lately. Um, I just want to get a little bit into that then I wanna shift back into this wealth conversation. 'cause uh, I want to ask if there's any questions from the people as well. Sure. Number one, I wanna know where you think the future of this country is going. When this comes to wealth, what are some of your number one concerns?
Right? And do you feel that there's this sense of urgency right in the air that is now or never? For sure. I would say my number one concern is the absence of curriculum programming and education around not just financial literacy, but financial empowerment. Right. It's true. Y'all quiet man. Make some noise.
Yeah. Not just financial literacy, but financial empowerment. Right? Uh, and the reason for it is when you're absent the information, then you feel as though there's only one way to earn and that's trading your time for the, let's say, infrastructural level of our capitalist society. Right?
Right? And it's also about understanding exactly what you're talking about, which is
competition versus collaboration.
When you listen to music, not, not the music we just listen to, right? But when you listen to music in general, it's always, look at what I got. Mm-hmm. Look how I'm living. Look how me and my girl is on vacation. Look at it. It is right. The only discriminator,
especially in public equities, is not the percentage, it's the principle capital. The discriminator in public equities is not the percentage. Ladies and gentlemen, it's the principle capital. Here's what I mean. Your principle determines your profit. Your percentage return is determined by the price action of the equity.
I'll give you a tale of two principle capitals. I have a member of my wealth planning community that did a deep dive in study of a company that he really loved and he put money to work in that company. And over the last year has experienced a 450% return on his capital. That is, at the time he had about 1900, and when we met last Saturday, that 1900 was 9,000.
That's a 450% return. The percentage is non-discriminatory. I also happen to have a brother that graduated from school with me. He has an eight figure net worth. He put his capital in the exact same opportunity, but instead of 1900, he put 1.9 million. He also achieved the exact same 450% return, 1.9 million to 9 million.
So the discrimination is not in the percentage return, it's in the principle capital. Your principle determines your profit. Your percentage return is based on the price action of the equity. How then do we overcome that discrimination of principle capital? We can only do so through collaboration. We can only do so through pooling our capital, pooling our capital.
Well, in order to pool our capital, we need to lead with trust and transparency. How many of us feel as though we can trust our brothers and sisters? Us even in our own families. And that's the reason why you see in many other con cultures this concept of the family office. 'cause it ain't my money. It ain't baby sister's money, it ain't dad's money, it's all the same money.
Why? Because the principle determines the profit. If all I got is 50 but baby sister got 50 and dad got 50 and we know that the percentage return is non-discriminatory, what we can pull our capital so that we can participate with larger principle capital for the larger profit.
Yeah, I think I check one I said enough. Thank you there brother. Sure. Nah, it's real. I think that that, first of all, thank you all for being here today, right?
The point of getting the people in the room is so that we have the right people in the room, right? I believe that as we're going into the future, education should be free, right? I don't want to charge anybody for education. I think the point that people end up doing it is because they have to, because you gotta pay people, you got resources, things of that nature that has to go into it, right?
But when you have a community that can come together and there's always reciprocation because you cannot continue anything without reciprocation, right? We have to stop just watching each other and start building with each other. So when it comes to like nation building, right? I'm sure there's a lot of people who've trusted you with they capital and that trust you understand me, earns you more merit, right?
For them to give more capital and things of that nature. People who look like us and people who don't look like us, right? Again, I think that there is a positive spin and narrative when it comes to the financial community, just in the sense that we did start trusting each other with our capital at least, right?
It didn't always go as planned, but those are also the growing pains of any movement, right? Because sometimes other people, they will trust you with an idea. You don't even have to, you don't have to come with no proof, no nothing. You just got an idea and they'll give you startup capital. Now we don't get that.
You know what I'm saying? I gotta go 10 years, become 19 keys, build a global community, be on every single platform, really figure everything out, become an alien, and they still be like, I don't know. Damn more. That's how they treat us. Like it's never enough, right? Right. And so I think that we can get to a point where the community is funding the people.
Don't forget because the technology is useful still. There was like 28 people that came together and each person by themselves did not have that much capital, but together they practiced fractional ownership. They went in to go buy a, a commercial real estate property, right? They had never used crypto before.
Right? Don't know nothing about the blockchain. It was made very simple. Them 28 people was able to come together and they bought a building. That building without them having to trust each other. 'cause those can be strangers. They were then able to get payout from the rent that that building was able to make.
Now there's more than 28 people in here right now. Right? There may be a farm, there may be an elder that's bought to pass away that has nobody to buy that farm, and they're just looking for somebody interested in the steward that land. Then when you can add community on top of that, right? We can throw events on that land and we can turn into a different type of monetization.
Now, if I'm looking at my own capital, right, then I'm limited. But if I'm looking at the community's capital, then we limitless, right? And so I really want us to really think about each other, right? And how we can be useful to each other in that way so that we don't have to put in that 1900 when we believe something and we know something that we can trust it.
That we become that 1.9, right? And so collectively our return is greater, but it requires us to have faith in each other, right? Because I would rather take the risk of being wrong, right? Than never doing it at all. I think the biggest risk is not trying at all. And we do that a lot because we're operating from a lot of financial trauma.
And so most of it comes from not deserving. And so even when somebody trying to give us a compliment on something, we shy away from it. You know what I mean? Nah. We start acting humble and stuff. And most of it is because it's, it's, it is really subconsciously telling yourself, I don't deserve it. And when you don't think you deserve something, you start self-sabotaging.
You understand me? And so you try to bring your reality back to the level that you think you deserve. You got this money, it don't feel real. You understand me, you with somebody that you love, but it don't feel right. Like, I don't even know if I deserve this. So you gonna start doing things to mess it up.
And then when it get back to that point where you think it deserve, like, yep, that's about right. That's my life. You understand me? I'm broke again. Right? And so it really does go into the mindset and the spiritual side, right? Because money is metaphysical, right? Like money comes from the root word. The or the deity, Monet, right?
Which is this deity that they use to worship. So a lot of people worship money. It's an entity. It's powerful. It can master you or you can master it. It makes a terrible master, but a great slave, right? And so when you learn to master yourself, then the money becomes an extension, right, of your willpower, right?
And it is a representation of what's going on internally. So sometimes we give too much, sometimes we don't give enough, right? And sometimes the people want too much from people that already givers to the point where they drain them. And so it's important as we're building community and as we're listening, as we're building this nation, we're trying to figure out how do we live in harmony with each other?
'cause I don't think capitalism is sustainable, not in its current form. We can use capitalism. But when we become capitalist, we no longer see each other's value. We only see extraction. Right? You came here today and you added value, right? And when we leave here today, I wanna make sure that everybody, can you put the passport back on the screen?
I wish I had my number up there so everybody can text me and support both of our businesses. 'cause if you text me, because you also supporting him. So if you like him more than me, think about supporting him. Anytime you text me, I'm just saying his story is mine. Now. He gave me permission to use that. I went to Harvard too.
Yes, sir. Nah.
So I know we didn't talk about this beforehand, but I hate to bring up the wealth plan and not give people an opportunity to be a part of it. So if you could have your people, I'm putting you on the spot again, if you could have your people on the backend, if people text, I don't know, wealth plan to my super phone, you understand me then, and have some sort of orientation and bring people in, give 'em more information or something.
Can we do that? Yeah. I put him on, I put him on the spot, y'all. So he said yes, and he know about verbal agreements. Yeah.
Can I also get a million dollars? No. Appreciate y'all. Listen. Um, you know, we, we have limited time this evening. I, and I, I, I do definitely want to echo what 19 said. Uh, you could be anywhere in the world this evening. You made a decision, you made a conscious, intentional decision to be here this evening.
Um, my gut is that whatever obstacle or challenge or barrier you feel is standing between where you are today and where you would like to be is likely related to one. Or two concepts. It's either I just need the money to do it or I don't know the right people. And I think what we have aimed to deliver tonight is that when you can solve for the right people, you can solve for the money.
If you could solve for the right people, you could solve for the money. For me, I would not be where I am today had I not leaned into an opportunity that was afforded me by a mentor. In my formative years, I was just a teenager and this brother of color right sat me down and taught me much of what I've shared with you this evening.
And he gave that information to me with a charge that should there ever be someone else who has that same spirit of a student and that same respect for the time, energy, and resources that it would take to impart that knowledge that I would make the commitment to pay it forward as well. And I made that commitment to him in that way.
I've used technology to hopefully be able to scale it more than he was able to, uh, back in the late nineties. But that really is the foundation of what I do and why I do it. Uh, my cell phone number is actually public. You go on my Twitter and you see my cell phone number, you could text me if you don't wanna remember my number 'cause it's hard to remember a 10 digit number.
You can leave your number@textryan.com and my technology will follow up with you to get your information, get your details, but it will also make an invitation to you to continue this conversation because so often at conferences and gatherings we come, we're nurtured, we go back to our lives and we feel potentially disconnected from the energy that we had in this room.
My goal is to utilize technology to be able to make sure that for those who do wish to continue that conversation, synchronously versus asynchronously, the opportunity is there. And I do this really at every, uh, gathering that I'm able to speak to you would be surprised. The small percentage of people who actually take me up on the offer, but those who do the reward is not what they give to me.
It is what they are then able to do with the opportunity that they're given. So this evening, I want to thank you Keys for giving me an opportunity. Yes sir. This is a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, nice. It's a beautiful group of people and to the extent I can be of value, I extend my service to you.
Thank you all to see me
stand up, give a round of applause to my brother, Ryan Leslie.
Um, I look forward to continuing building with you. Um, you know, my resources are yours as well. Likewise, win a day, age and time where brotherhood has to be real in front of the people and behind the scenes. And his brothers always be generous with his time, always reaching out to build. You understand me and you've always just been a pillar in the culture here to add and not just distract.
So I want to thank you for that, my brother. Thank
now where my brother Antoine digital up.
My brother Antoine Digital up here. I think you met him on the phone. Yeah. He's building a technology out behind the scenes. Can we put the passports back up there? So we set it up to where like a person can get like a visa into the community or it can get like a passport. A passport. You become like a permanent resident, but we gotta make sure you align otherwise your visa can get revoked.
You understand we not ice and not what I'm saying, but I am saying if you not really aligned, 'cause we want a highly aligned community, right? And so you scan that code right there and you can put in an application and it will actually give you a score for how aligned you are after you answer those particular questions.
Now this allows us to, as he say, take that conversation further so there's no longer guessing. Where's the notes? Where's how do I move something forward? That same community is there. Now imagine when we got us a million citizens inside this nation, how powerful that is. We want to create businesses, we wanna buy businesses, we want to buy land, we want to build something on the land.
You understand me? We want to do a free food program in this neighborhood. We wanna buy a building in this neighborhood that collect the power is now ours. And we called it Zion because we need a space outside the matrix. And the matrix is simple. It's what they own versus what we own. If we don't own it, it's the matrix.
It's owned by the machine, ran by the machines for the machine, right? And there's agents inside that and it's not owned by us. So Zion is this space to where you also can apply so that you can build your own nation within as well. If you have a community of people who actually go there, but it's not gonna be for everybody, it's for creators.
It's for real leaders that can actually gather people. If you can't gather the people in masses, you most likely will not be accepted for an application to build out the technology on the back end. Right? But if you can prove that a large group of people are aligned with the ideas right? Then of course we welcome you on the platform.
But we're gonna be rolling things out in steps and phases because as we're going to be seeing technology consistently go through all of these phases, people are gonna get concerned. What do we do next? And I don't want us to feel powerless. I want us to feel like, man, I can go to Zion. You understand me?
I can get out this matrix. I'm gonna even try to see if I can get, um, Lawrence Fishburne to do a commercial for me.
You feel me? I'm gonna see if I can get, uh, what's Cha Williams? What's my brother name? Um, I'll tell y'all later inside of Zion, but my brother, I don't wanna hold you up much longer, man. I want to thank you again for your time. Thank y'all. How, how much time we got left for Mechi? Huh? You can do that. I gotta get B IP meeting.
Greet. We gotta get this thing going. Okay. How much time we got this for Antoine? Huh? Alright. Bet Antoine. Where you going? Where you going? I need you up here brother. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Make sure everybody get there right now. 'cause he said people don't be doing that when he goes to the events. You know what I mean?
I wanna make sure that y'all stay tapped in. We gonna have his number in there and everything. But again, this mission is very important, right? I really want y'all really see what we fully built out. And you can see the map and you can click on that map and you can pinpoint different locations, right? And you can see how big we building out this nation.
I don't think that there's really been something done that we are attempting to this scale since the UN boy Elijah Muhammad, right? We talk about Black Wall Street and Black Wall Street was, it was a space and it was time. It was 40 acres, 70,000 people. And they was able to circulate that dollar within that community.
It was a highly aligned community that understand who they enemy was, right? And they understood the necessity of being sovereign, not depending on anybody. The problem is it was burnt down. We know that, but it was rebuilt. But most people don't know that. And so we use the excuse of their trauma for our reason of not building, but they didn't even use that excuse.
They seen bodies get blown up in the streets of America. And they decided that, so what we still gonna rebuild? And they threw a parade to show them how resilient they were. And now in 2025, when you tell somebody that you gonna build something, the first thing they said, but they destroyed Black Wall Street.
Stop using their trauma as your excuses if they didn't, right? So when we talking about nation building, I then jumped forward in time, right? And I look at the Honorable Elijah Muhammad's economic network. He had the ability to build a nation within a nation. They had bakeries, they had schools. They was a highly aligned community with the same ethnicity.
So therefore they was not afraid because they had backup, they'd had a community. Today we don't have any of those things, so we still depending on them. So now we're building this out as a nation network, not that it's just in one space in time. So now that they're bidding the AI and the tools, we're using that to help us embed in the community.
But also when you getting on there, right, it gives you insights of things that you say where your goals that you need to follow up with, right? So we wanna make sure that it is a community that is growing and we challenging the people to contribute and grow together. Is that something that you would like to be a part of?
A high level nation? Come on man. Get a little more energy then.
So we have different things that we setting up. You know, we gonna have plans for buying land. I wanna build out alternative cities, you know what I mean? Spaces that we can have on our own alternative cities. And I 100% mean that I want to make that my life's work for us to build our own space, right? When I look at what they're doing, they're building out these spaces.
Star link City, be smoke outta city, right? There's other nations that starting to build out and buy islands. You have to see what they're doing because these spaces will be so filled. You understand me with poverty, that they're looking for alternative spaces that they can build in. And it's not that we are leaving, been vacating these spaces.
I wanna organize these spaces as well, right? Because when we look at gentrification, we can reverse the gentrification, but it requires organization, right? So when I see the brothers and sisters out there in the streets and they yelling, I want you to be a part of the network. So whatever your problem is, we can help come up with the solution towards that problem.
Because you might have to spend so much of your wealth. We might have a lawyer in there, I might have connects with the government somewhere, who knows? I might have resources that I can't use 'cause I don't have the problems for those resources, right? And so again, when it comes to that trust and that transparency, that's what we building out.
Now I'm gonna let my brother give a breakdown of how these passports are gonna work and just some of the phases that we're gonna be going through, where we at now, and sort of where we want to be in the future. Got you, got you. Well, can I, can I see your sand real quick? Are we low level? Are we low level or high level?
High level? Are we low level or high level? High level. I love when he say that, but it's true, right? It's real. Like it's real. We gotta really believe that. So what we doing with this platform right here, right? Keys is building the first community, the first nation in here. It's called the high level world.
So of course when you come in here, we only want to hear high level topics, right? Post all your assets, and of course make your bio as best as it can be, because everything is really gonna be curated by what you add. So we are gonna ask you, for example, what skills do you have? List your skills and be specific.
And don't oversell yourself, right? It's okay if you don't know something. And then also we gonna ask you, what connections are you looking for? What skills do you need later on within the community? It's gonna help you out a lot. Now where we at right now is we have the directory. So you can see all the other, what we call residences first, and then later on you'll get your citizenship, right?
But right now, we just rolling out, everybody can get access and see what's in this world. You'll be able to see a map where you can see all of the different assets that's in this world, right? So you'll be able to add assets as well. Assets can be anything, I would say, physical in the physical world that we can use.
For example, I'm building out a AI model. If somebody want to be able to build out their own chat, GPT, and they want to use my black-owned AI motto, it'll be in this world for you to use. Okay? All right? If you have a building and you wanna be able to let somebody use your building, it'll be in this world for you to use.
And I'm gonna get keys to commit to this too, but within the next five years, I only want to do business with people who is inside of Zion. So once again, who all in here have a business? We got a do. We got a count in here. Anybody do accounting? Thank you. I'm gonna need you. Do anybody in here do videography?
Thank you. I'm gonna need you. I'm only doing business with anybody in here. Do gold. Gold. That one right there. Oh my man. So, uh, and so right now we just want you to get in there and get used to it. Make a post, right? But make it thoughtful, right? We trying to have deep discussions on here as well. It's not gonna be just, you know, frivolous minds, you know, just scrolling, what's coming?
Everybody gonna be able to list their services, right? So within the app, you'll be able to say, listen, I do, I'm a tax professional. If you wanna book me fine. And we want you to be able to take care of other people within the community. You can list it either as a bartering service or you can list it as something as a discount to people within the nation.
All right? So these are some of the things we're gonna be rolling out and so much more. But please stay tapped in. We're gonna be sending you all emails and if you got any questions with signing up tonight, you can come and talk to me. Peace to the family. Thank you. Thank you. So what we have on stage is a really great example, right of nation building, and we'll go through this line in a second.
I have my good sister. A conundrum. A conundrum was the first person when my older brother went viral, he slapped the shit out. This white man, he was wildly, but she reposted it. This was like 10, 15 years ago. It was the first viral moment the family ever had. So we got, history is all I'm saying. But she is one of the greatest educators in the virtual space.
She built a virtual mall at one point in time, right? She's been teaching people ai, she's always ahead of the curve trying to warn our community on what's to come. She's giving people business plans. She's just very resourceful and helpful. Right. Without ever asking. She'll tell you about something. Then you send you all the resources.
Do you want me to implement? Si. Do I owe you money? Like, yeah, thank you. You know what I'm saying? I appreciate you. But it's like when you got people like that within your community, you gonna win, right? You have our brother Shakur, man. He was a sponsor of our last event. You understand me? It's like one of the only black people in the world that ever sponsored our event.
So shout out to this brother. Cool. Shout out. But he is also an owner of a bank. And so he's a young man. I'm a Muslim, he's a Christian brother. You understand me. He believes in Christianity heavily. But within that nation, we are highly aligned. What? For our people, you understand me? We have our brother.
Man, y'all seen this brother over here. You understand me? We did. Uh, my brother wise money. We did a solid high level conversation. This brother is cold when it comes to tradings and futures. You wanna know about money? You might be unassuming. You don't even realize you understand me. He the Wesley Snipes of this money game.
I ain't saying that 'cause you look loud,
but on this stage, I can't lose. Right? With my network, I can't lose. But what we haven't done yet is organize all these things together. And what we want to do is organize these things. 'cause we have everything. I don't know what these people know up here. They all know something. I don't know. Antoine Digital taught himself coding coming outta prison, right?
And then created an in prison, and then created an application, right? To where he could decrease the cost for prisoners to talk to people on the outside, right? And created a whole entire school with his daughter to teach other people coding, right? And created autonomous. Yeah. Give him up for the ai. Like I've been knowing some incredible people for a long time and I'm like, how do I organize everybody together?
Right? Because it becomes very, very hard to get people on the same page because of ego, right? And so I'm saying let's get rid of the ego and just have people a part of the system. And I call that we ego. You understand me, but we gotta have a nation. So now my resources are yours. Because you become a part of that nation.
So now you don't have to do no guessing. All of a sudden you have now the network of a billionaire. You understand me? You have the people around you. You can ask, not just a chat GPT machine. It don't hit the same when you got energy in front of you breaking something down in your language. You understand me?
We need to be dependent upon each other, not the machines them people make, because really that means we dependent on them, right? So as much as I don't mind teaching about ai, right, I'm always gonna teach more about ci, the collective intelligence. You understand me?
Real quick keys. We also have Ron Dell on stage as well. I wanted to make sure we acknowledge her as we didn't get to cryotherapy. Oh, so I definitely wanna acknowledge her. So listen. We didn't get to do everything we wanted to do today. We had a sound bowl. I was gonna stand in a sound bowl, it was gonna vibrate my body.
I was gonna get some cryotherapy on my neck. I was gonna show out. You understand me? But we had a lot of stuff going on because as we talking about wealth is a new wellness, I really want to explain that and display that. But my sister has wellness lux out here in Brooklyn, not too far, like five, 10 minutes away now.
I was working out, I was working out with the big dogs yesterday. This brother set up a training session from Hill. You understand me in Jersey. I came in here like I come train with you guys crawling on the floor and all kind of crazy stuff. I woke up, can barely move my legs, you understand me? So I hit the sister up and I went over there and got some cryotherapy, you know what I mean?
Sprayed me down one time and then I was ready to go again. You feel me? But then before that, me and the whole team went and got IV flushes, right? See, we be doing drip checks all throughout New York, but the type of drip that we doing is different. You understand me? We dripping the NAD, you understand me?
Which helps with the cellular metabolic energy, right? That give you that usefulness. You understand me? Something that's lowering our biological age, making sure we get that glut. You know what I mean? Making sure we getting that cognitive shots for our brain, right? Making sure we going there and we're getting the things that we needed to sustain this during a time that's very violent.
That allows us to be resilient with more capacity, right? And so, unfortunately we haven't created a culture around this yet, but wellness industry is booming, right? But we need it the most and it's not booming with us yet enough. So there's a lot of people that go to the sister 'cause she got the Botox, the aesthetics for the sisters that do all of that.
Listen, that's on y'all. I want y'all to go and get that super mind. You understand me cognition. I want y'all to go get that real drip check with the sister, you feel me? So that we can lower some of this stress. 'cause when I do it, it makes me feel good, right? I wake up the next day feeling youthful.
That's how I can deal with us, right? Because we be wilding. I once did NAD three days in a row just so I could deal with us. You understand me? It was a lot. But I'm like, I'm gonna need these for these Negroes. They be wild. But I felt good stepping outside. So we a drink and not realize we're not in that day and age where we can afford the things that we used to.
Because now you gotta spend a day to recover. And now you got a machine that's talking back to you. Captology is the study of machines and how they influence us, right? So we know a lot of cap out here, but we don't understand that captology, right? But we are using these machines and they're having an effect on us.
And we never studied the mechanisms behind that effect. So that's what I'm worried about the most. Our lack of understanding our own human anatomy. How to train our brains, how to fix our bodies when we have strains with them. And our lack of understanding this world that we're in, entering in as well.
And the lack of having community means that we're lonely. And when we lonely, we start eating more. Right. We're scrolling because we're looking for that quick reward fix that makes us feel good and because we don't have the real intimacy, right? And so community gives you all of that. And but a nation protects you.
You understand me? We wanna make sure you a part of a nation, right? You found your tribe. 'cause without it you lost. Without it, we weak. I want to be able to have a security force wherever we go. You understand me? When something happens in the community, can we mobilize people? How can you do that? Well, if you got the technology, you can organize people.
We gotta stop using these tools, you know what I mean? Like children and start using 'em. Like real thinking men and women that want something for themselves. So give a round of applause for yourself. Make sure y'all tap in. I should see all of y'all go in there and ask the sister for the supermind cognitive drip.
That's all for your brain. So you can start thinking, I made that one up, but it's gonna be a real one when you get there. Don't even worry about it. That means everything in there gonna be for your brain. You know what I mean? So you gonna have a supermind. Now, I would love for everybody that got the wristbands that's gonna be upstairs in the VIP to tap in with me.
Make sure y'all tap in with the Supermind booth back there for the T for the crowns. We can't actually make these things possible unless we have merchandise. The ticket just makes sure that this event happened, right? And even though most likely we won't be coming back to this place, shout out to, I'm just being a honey.
You understand me? We need to go to the next place. You feel me? And so the nation building means that you coming along with us, right? We'll be sharing only things that's inside of there. Like we just released our Patreon. 'cause the devil be trying to shadow bans, right? So the god's gotta consistently create systems.
So we have our own institutions of trust that connect us. So I'm positive and optimistic about the future, not because of what they doing, but what we gonna do in response, right? And what are we gonna do in response? We gonna build together. You understand me? We gonna protect each other. We're going to invest in each other, right?
We're not gonna look to the left and a right and not see a brother beside us that we can build with, not see a brother that we can learn from, but we can go outside and have fun with, right? We have to take some time to be serious because they destroyed our spaces for us to build and be militant in, right?
We barely had barbershops, right? We want everybody to come to us. We lazy. But those were spaces that we can build in. We barely have coffee shops. We going to the bar to network, even though that's destroying our cognition to even remember to understand, right? They gave us their world and now we're living in it, just surviving.
I want to thrive. I don't wanna survive. I'm tired of that. I want to control, I wanna own. I want to have all the power. And I don't give a damn who. I don't like it. You understand me? Like before I live as a slave, they gonna have to kill me as a free man. And that's how everybody should be thinking today.
So we gonna build this nation and then nobody gonna stop us because even if I'm gone, y'all can continue the nation on. So are we low level? Are we high level, high level? Are we low level or high level? High level. So let's act like it and let's build like it. You understand me? And let's take back what's ours.
And that's this planet piece to the family. Put your hands together for 19 keys and all the speakers that we have. Let's get a photo on stage. We got my brother AJ McQueen here as well. Make some noise. Keep making some noise. Push your hands together New York. Come on.
And once again, for anybody that has the wristbands, we would love to see you on the VIP for the meet and greet and the listening party. We're gonna keep it brief. If you have a wristband, the ushers will take you upstairs to the VIP meet and greet New York. We appreciate y'all. If you don't have a listening party CD ticket, you can still purchase one at the booth.
Thank y'all so much. Save yourself peace.
To try to, to divide us. You know what I mean? But as, like I said, you know, mother Africa fighting, you know, or to, you know, bring us back together, know what I'm talking about. Yeah, man.
Like that.
So, toss a little bit about nickels, uh, nickels. Nicholas Brooklyn. Oh yeah. Nicholas Brooklyn. Say about Nicholas Brooklyn. Well, one one Nicholas Brooklyn is a pillar within the community. You know what I mean? I believe, uh, uh, we just hit 50 years here. Know what I mean? Shout out to the empress, Monique and her family.
Know what I'm talking about. Um, you could come here, you know, get healing, right? All different forms of healing. I mean, could, uh, come and see different legacy leaders here, you know what I mean? And it's a p it's a place of refuge, you know what I mean? You get your heal, you know, from your shea butters to your amazing juices in the background.
You see my brother here, um, coconut Rob. You know what I mean? You get your, your herbs, his, I mean, look at the king popped out, you know? Um, but yeah, you in the town, Brooklyn, you have to come and check out Nicholas Brooklyn. It's not an official trip if you don't come check out the spot. You know what I mean?
Like that. So it is imperative that, you know, we had this particular build here, you know, pleasure to finally meet you. Yeah. Like that. You see? Uh, thank you. Hey, y'all got the energy rolling already. Thank you. Uh, Monique greeting each other. Watermelon shots. My favorite beautiful situation.
My brother need one too. He, he dehydrated right now. Thank you black man. I'm 19 keys. Nice to meet you brother, man. Yes, sir.
Okay. Alright. I got
on brother. You know that, you know that. We good. Come on. Stand man. I'm blessed my brother. I watched that documentary, man. I had to send that man. Give some, I wish I have got that first. 'cause it, it sums up everything. Right. You know what I mean? Especially how you ended it with 19 years later, building out the Black Lady theater after giving the context of that history.
You understand? And what the judge fought for and went through how they dragged them through 'em, through the system. You feel me? Like it really brought context of what your fight was for. 'cause you kept saying 40 years and you kept saying things. But I'm, I didn't have the context to even understand what that meant.
I just know you were passionate about it. Yes, sir. Right. But when I was able to watch it and going through the motions and telling his stories, I see the connective tissue. Yes, sir. You know what I'm saying? Yes, sir. And, and, and it's a decades long issue. I mean, that's what it's about. You know what I mean?
Because Oh my God, you know, it's like on the face of it, it's uh, you know, like hard to, you know, overstand. You know what I mean? But, um, one, the, the documentary, they followed us around for about five years. Yeah. And, and, and getting that. Yeah. I mean, we didn't even see it until five years Wow. From them following us around, you know, we providing the, um, the information, the evidence, we doing the work, you know.
So, um, I was telling the brother when, when the filmmakers came to us five years later and like, listen, we got a, um, we got a final rough draft for you. You know, we in the theater. Yeah. You know, brought us down, sat us down. And it's like, um, like, all right, we in there working, you know, all of that. Sat down, seen that thing, brought water to my eyes, man.
Said Luke said Luke, peace, peace. Peace. So savage. Hurry up. Um, I definitely brought water to my eyes, you know, so, you know, from, from, um, like what you've seen. Yeah. Right. You see, you know, you put this message out there a certain way. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it's like that connection. What I mean before this, before the other day, know what I mean?
I felt that connection. Yeah. You know what I mean? So you could imagine how it hurt. Yeah. I mean, when I see my brother talking, like going into that space, you know what I mean? I'm like damn. But no fault of your own. No, no, I understand. Listen, it, it, it, it completely resonates and understand how you can only feel that way.
Yes sir. You get what I'm saying? Yes sir. Like from the work that's put in, you know what I mean? And the investment into it. Both spiritually, both mentally. Right. The nights, the days. Like even just even, let's see if you take away the history when you build something. Yes sir. That's your baby. That part.
You get what I'm saying? So I know it hurts to see your baby taken away like that. You feel me? Like that's tough to see another man managing or raising your baby. Damn. You feel me? Ancestors' dealt with this on what I mean. Yeah. No we didn't. That's, but that's what I'm saying, man. It's the story of black America.
Like, and what I'm really saying is a, what we trying to figure out here is how do we streamline this organization so that the will of the people is met, right? You understand me with the resources to get things done. 'cause the frustration is really like how do we go from having feeling powerless to having the power to do something?
That part. You get what I'm saying? And so we do what we best know how to, right from the lack of having that resource in that system. And what I was even talking about yesterday was how do we build outside the matrix? How do we organize the people inside our own institution? And we built the platform that allows us to do that.
You feel me? So where you can organize all the people that's in Brooklyn, that's on your side under one application, under one nation, that part. Right. And have fractional power and fractional ownership. You know how they do over there in Gramercy Park where they got that private park? Absolute, yes sir.
Where there's 39 keys, come on. You know what I mean? For people that have shared investment and equity in that space. Absolutely. Yes sir. So you can do the exact same thing. Exactly. Right. So now we have the platforms and the technology come on. Right? And it is meeting with organizers like yourself, you feel me?
And as we going, I don't care who shows up, I wanna make sure the right people show up. 'cause I know that's tribe, that part, there's a lot of people that hear about it. Those ain't the ones ready for the call. That part, the people that's ready for the call to be like, I'm going right. I'm taking a step.
That means I'm ready. What I mean, you get what I'm saying? But how you organize that energy though. Exactly what I mean. Exactly. But how we doing right now? Yep. Know what I mean? Operating off of the, the, the, the, um, the fundamentals that we already know. Yes, sir. Know what I mean? Uh, uh, uh, exercising a certain mindset.
Know what I mean? Not allowing our, our emotions. Yes, sir. Know what I mean? To distract, you know what I mean? Not allowing ourself to be utilized as a tool for destruction. You see what I'm saying? Like, yo,
mental health is a real thing. Emotional intelligence is a real thing. You see what I'm saying? Even though I was hurt with seeing my brother, know what I mean? I can't act out eye my emotions to come try to tear my brother down. Yes sir. You see what I'm saying? I gotta try to get it to you the best that I can respectfully in a kind form.
Know what I mean? So we can build Yes, sir. You know what I mean? If I operate off of my lower chakra, this could be messed up. Yes, sir. You see what I'm saying? And the enemy like that. Like that. And that's what they want. That's what they want. What's happening there right now, they don't want this. Know what I mean?
That devil that's in place, like look, there's two sides. I'm on my brother's side. That part. You know what I mean? And so, you know when, when you, when you moving and you doing as much peace to the God. Yes sir. When we doing as much and we outside, you feel me? You have to make decisions as you're going along.
And you can only pray right. That you're making the best decisions as you go along. You have insight, you have hindsight, you have foresight. Right. The insight, what's happening now allows you to collect all the data and information to be able to observe. Mm. And once you got, and you orient that information, then you know how to act.
Right. In the midst of chaos is hard to mm-hmm. Be able to collect information to make a decision because you in between a rock and a hard place. Damn. Right. And then sometime it might be ego. Right. You know what I'm saying? Who's gonna shut me down? You know what I mean? Sometimes it's like, wait a minute about for the people like, yes sir.
He said the Jewish people on there, I ain't with the Jews. Nah, they got me messed up. Come on. Right. And so it, it, it was always in mind, how do I create a win for the people? And what I realized is most of the time people want to be heard. They wanna be understood, they wanna be helped. And a lot of time we don't have to trust some transparency to even know how to ask for the right help.
Damn. Because I've been there, you know what I mean? And still there, I'm still learning how to ask for the right help. 'cause we do so much and we strain our resources and we make it look good. Right. And people don't know how to help. Right. Right. And so now we have to start building out the resources to help each other.
Like that part, I would tell anybody that would do something at that Gramercy Theater don't, until the people feel comfortable and have ownership situation. Crown. Crown, not Gramercy. I'm thinking of the last, don't shout out to Cy. They like what I do. My bad. Cy, y'all treated us nice, right? Crown Hill And, and it's more so, it's simple for me.
It's not about. The details of the case, it is about the will of the people. Come on. That's, you know what I mean? That's it. Right? Like when you told me that the people were angry, I was already on your side. Mm. It just, as a leader, you have to make decisions for everybody for a long term outcome. 'cause there're short term outcomes then there's long term.
And so what I really was praying about, what's the long term outcome? Mm. You understand me? And what this moment does is it brings us together to figure out what we can organize for the long term. Come on. Right. And I would love for something beautiful to blossom from this, to share your story more so people connected to what you doing out here and what you organizing.
Come on. Because at the end of the day, what we lacking is real power, that part. Right. And it's only gonna come from our collective attitude, our collective intelligence, and our collective organization. That's what I a hundred percent believe. Because we at war right now, these phones is the most dangerous battleground.
Talk about it. You seen what BB Nya said. Damn. He gathered these social influences together and he said, social media right, is where we go to war. He said, you see why we bought TikTok? Right. So we gonna have to get off these platforms. That's right. You understand me? I know it's gonna be hard for a lot of people, but essentially we're gonna have to divest for them and invest in each other like that.
Because as things gonna get worse, building out the paler systems, there's all seeing eye to keep people under these influences. Control our narratives. Control our storylines. Control our minds. It ain't gonna be much the average person gonna be able to do. It's gonna be a brother that look like you, but don't think like you.
Damn. You know what I mean? He gonna dress like you. He grew up with you, but his mind is gone. Damn. Because it is down phone. Because they can control brain to brain pattern interference. You understand me? They have cognitive warfare going on. Exactly. These are the things that keep me up at night because how can you have a child and you give 'em a phone and they take your child away from you.
Right. This is what I'm talking about. This is why we have these different programs and initiatives in place. Yes sir. Arts and theater. Workshops and programs. Mental health initiatives and programs. Yes sir. Tell me about the theater and the things you got going on right now that we can help amplify. I wanna also step into Nicholas.
Have to, okay. Okay. Yes sir. Let's do it. Because I've been being to come here for a while. We got now first. First, let's start a little bit with your story. I know I just watched it, but I want catch the people up. Why did you care so much when you first heard the Brother's story? What's his name again?
Ramani. You talking about Judge John Phillips? Yes, sir. Okay. Well it first starts with my father. You know what I'm talking about? My father, Clarence Jr. Yes, sir. Two X. Yes, sir. Hardy Shabazz, the Chief of Slave Theaters one where we going right now? Mm-hmm. And two, the Black Lady Theater where we, uh, first had our um, uh uh, well, you know, we met.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Our engagement, our party. And I told you, there we go. There we go. Um, so, you know, I grew up, you know, wanting to. Um, you know, I'm following daddy. Mm-hmm. I want to be, you know, like, daddy, sir, I want to do what you doing. Yes, sir. He's a man of morals, honor, principle, respect. You see what I'm saying?
He, um, you know, had his own businesses, bookstores, picture stores. He was a, um, a pioneer. Yeah. You know, and I grew up seeing how he interacted with the people. Yeah. You know what I mean? People come to him when, you know, they, uh, need to, um, you know, get some groceries or something, you know what I mean? He might, you know, you know, the, the bar, the system.
Yes, sir. You know what I'm talking about. So I grew up in seeing that. Right. So my father, a man of the, the, the area, you know what I mean? He got an extensive history. Right. But, you know, along that journey, he met Judge John L. Phillips. Mm-hmm. Right. My father was on, um, you know, doing some work, coming, uh, coming down Fulton, passing the slave theater, you know, but on his mission, going to his soil, whatever the case may be.
Right. And Judge Phillips was on the, uh, you know, on the, on the steps on the front of the slave theater. Yes, sir. And, you know, he said to my father, he said, uh, you know, you better get on board. You know what I mean? At that time, my father ain't know what he was talking about. Yeah. Yo, I'm, I'm on my mission.
Yeah. Right. So, um, you know, it came a point in time where, uh, uh, my father, he, you know, had different, and we gonna be walking by a couple of different businesses, spots that, you know, he, um, operated. But, um, at one time he needed another space. Mm-hmm. Right? Um, this probably like 94 or something, 1995. Right.
So he came to one spot. It was his brother there. Uh, James Reeves, whatever, you know, he is gonna go rent, rent a space. And the, uh, my father said, you know, I need a spot. Brother said, I need a partner. Right? Mm-hmm. And then he said, all right, I'm, well, I'm gonna take you over here to the judge. Yeah. You know, this Judge Phillips.
So he take him over there to Herma, you know. Um, and then, uh, you know, my father said, uh, uh, yeah, he wanna rent a spot. Just said, well, yeah. He said, yo, you're right on time. 'cause I was just about to throw Reeves out. Right. So my father gave him the money. I said, damn, this is the first money I got in a long time.
Right. So, you know, it started off like that. Now, you know, fast forward a little bit. Um, my father, he took no Judge Phillips, he took, uh, me and my father in as partners in, in, uh, like 1997. Mm-hmm. Right. Because the way that he was managing the, the buildings, it, Mr. Phillips respected it. You know, like I said, my, you know, my father embodied, he was a man of morals, principle, honor and respect.
So that's when they went in the, um, went in a partnership. So a couple years later my father start telling me that Mr. Phillips is being attacked. Like they trying to, you know, prey on him, take these, take these properties, you know, so, and that's 'cause he was being so bold with everything that he was doing, being bold, you know, he out here owning like, yo, we got over and he called it slave two different properties.
Right. Well, was a protest within itself was in the name, that part. And Mr. Phillips, he had the, the slave, uh, theater. He put slave, big, bold white letters, you know, all around the marquee. Right. To re to, to get people to resonate in they mind about, you know, not, slavery is not where we come from. Right. It's a segment in the history that we been through.
Yes sir. I mean, but never forget, you see what I'm saying? Never forget. So I'm, you know, resonating with this, with this message. I told you, my father told me that, you know, the black man is the owner, the maker, the father of civilization, the cream of the planet Earth and the god, the universe. Yes, sir. You know, that's right.
So with me growing up with this teaching, it's like, yo, I could do anything. Yes, sir. You know what I mean? And, um, I thought this was common knowledge. Right. I thought this was common knowledge. I thought everybody knew this. Right. Come to find out, nah, it, it is, you know. Nah, everybody not on that. But at any rate, everybody for damn sure ain't on that.
You know? So, you know, at any rate, my father, he, um, him and, you know, he, he, you know, just did, you know, managing the buildings, um, maintaining a great relationship with, uh, judge Phillips. You know, they, you know, they, you know, they doing business. Yeah. Live in the same area. Stay, see, seeing each other about four or five times out of a, you know, a full week.
You know, whether it's, you know, collecting the money, they working the barter system, whatever the case may be, you know, so, and I'm growing up, I'm seeing this and you know, I'm, you know, we go, we see Mr. Phillips, we, you know, we living life. So see you got, you know, so,
so, so at what point did you decide that, you know, come from this legacy, right? You, you continued it and you wanted to get into the ownership, right? You were embedded with the principles of your father, right? You, you have close ties and understanding to their relationship. Right. And that has embedded a level of loyalty to this community, like that you understand me and, and a level of faithfulness, right?
And, and the father's mission and the judge's mission. And you decided to start doing the Black Lady Theater. Gimme some context on the Black Lady Theater. Right? So Judge Phillips named it the Black Lady Theater. Okay. Slave to the Black Lady Theater. Right. We, it's always gonna be that name, but you know, we just started marketing it as, you know, the black lady.
Yeah. Right. All amazing creation comes from the black woman. You know what I mean? So it's like we have to exercise that. That's the messaging that we going on. So, you know, we was over here when they unlawfully knocked this building down where we going right now, it's like, all right, we still, you know, in the process of correcting those injustices, but, you know, we, we have to go to our, um, our other property and start to build it up, Steve, you know, because Steve, you walk in front of them just to like cut a diagonal because it could go, you know, it could have went either way where, you know, we take the funds that we, um, that we had and, you know, go, you know, put it into a lawyer and dealing with this case.
Mm-hmm. Or we start to, you know, build out our property, the Black Lady Theater. Yeah. So we decided to, um, uh, uh, refurbish our other property, the Black Lady Theater seven 50, right? Mm-hmm. And, um, with that refurbishment, we, you know, we built that platform for, uh, you know, for people to come and, you know, do their thing.
So it it, like, really, I was born into this, right? I just come to the realization maybe three to five years ago, like, wait a minute, I think I was born for this. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it's like, you know, I don't know exactly like at what moment or whatever the case may be. No, it don't have to be a moment.
I'm just getting contextual understanding, you know what I mean? I think what you provided, which I can understand the history behind the passion, you understand me now. Bring me up date a little bit on how does it get to the point where, where the Black Lady Theater is or was, there's now a Crown Hill theater, right?
Okay. So now with refurbishing it, we're bringing this platform for people to come in and be able to do everything. We, um, like again, we did all of that ourself. Sorry about that, mommy. We, um, you know, did all of that ourself. So now after we done gutted out the downstairs over 50 containers of 40 yard dumpsters and whatnot, at any rate, we doing an event.
Right. So the brother in there that's, um, renting a space out from the Jewish individuals Yeah. He came to an event that we did. Mm-hmm. Right? And you see downstairs, it's a large space, right? So you need a certain, um, certain amount of sound mm-hmm. To deal with a lot of people. I mean, we had speakers and whatnot, you know, but he came here and said, yo, you know, uh, you know, I wanna work with you.
I could, I could bring the sound and all of this. So he said, all right, uh, well, let me let you know what's going on. You know, we, in the process of correcting some injustices, people trying to steal our property, hold on before we go pause real right here real quick. But he said, um, you know, he wanted to come in and work with us, so we allowed him to come in doing different events and whatnot.
Um, and those, uh, uh, Jewish individuals served us some fraudulent documentation, right. We knew it was bull crap. We wasn't, we went to court, I mean, basically a, a judge granted our motion for dismissal. Know what I mean? We, we beat the, we we beat them. Right? The, um, what were the documents? The what You mean that they served you all, uh, uh, uh, a 10 day notice to leave, you know, they brought it in a, in a housing court, right?
When you deal with the court, you got land, air, and see, you could look at it as Right. Housing court, Supreme Court, no different levels, right? It wasn't even supposed to be in the housing court. We are the owners, in fact, you know what I mean? You don't, uh, uh, you know, deal with this on a landlord tenant issue, right?
But they manipulate the courts. I mean, we talk about administrative tactics, right? So, um, that's the paperwork that they served us. Know what I mean? And we, well, why, why did they think that they had the rights to serve you the paperwork in the first place? Greed. I, I, I can't explain bull crap. So y'all, how long was y'all in the theater before they served y all the paperwork since 1999.
Mm. You know what I mean? Since, since like, it is an attack on Judge Phillips. Right. He was the lawyer for our corporation. Him and my father. They were great friends. They were business partners. Right. So this attack on Judge Phillips, it affected us as well. Right. Um, so you said like, what made them serve the paperwork?
You got land anytime you owe land. No, I understand the land part. I'm just trying to understand like how long they been in the picture. Did they just see that the Black Lady Theater and, and did they put a lien on it? You understand me? Like what, what was the tactic that was actually employed? Because I'm, I'm trying to understand the people coming and dry off the street and saying that I'm about to serve you.
Paperwork. Yeah. No, like, like I said, it started off with Judge Phillips. It was an attack on him. He made an attempt to run for district attorney. Right. The sit in district attorney at the time was Charles Hines. Mm-hmm. Right. Charles Hines didn't want to give up that seat when you were da. That's a lot of power, right.
Judge fil had the money, the backing everything to make a good, uh, uh, run. Right. They deemed him temporarily mentally incompetent, know what I mean? Administrative tactics, again, kidnapped him off the streets. The first time they tried to kidnap him. He had 10th degree Black though. Yeah. Yeah. I heard he whoop the police.
I mean, he situated the situation, you know. But, um, yeah, put him in a guardianship program. Right. This is a different type of programs that they using right now, attacking our elders, like a conservative conservatorship, conservatorship, or guard. The same type situation. Right. But it's, these are, uh, different tactics.
They prey on us as a people. They sit and they watch him. You see what I'm saying? Waited till he get to a, a, a vulnerable state, you know what I mean? And then thought nobody. So these are people in connection to the guardianship. The guardianship, unethical attorneys, lawyers, different, um, uh, uh, political figures, elected officials.
Uh, a system designed to like prey on us, to steal our generation wealth, like we speak about the land piece. Anytime you have land that represents power, you know what I mean? We are the creators. You know what I mean? We can garden, we could build our building, whatever the case may be. I paused right here real quick because I wanted us to get a view, a view of what they are building unlawfully on our property before we get right in front of it.
Mm-hmm. If we look at this skyline, you see this skyline here, this building? Mm-hmm. All of the backyard space on, uh, uh, Fulton, on this commercial strip. All of they backyard. That property is connected to the slave theater. We had a school back there. Right. Wasn't built this up. All of the backyard space on Hallsey Street is connected to the Slave theater.
What they did, what they're doing is unlawfully building on our property. All of this is un this is ours. This is what we coming to collect. This is why the unity is so important. I mean, outside of just this, like the slave theater, the Black Lady Theater, that's just a piece of it. Mm-hmm. What, I mean, we got a portfolio with over 200 properties in it.
We could get to that later, but I wanted us to pause just to look at this, just to get a visual of, you know, like, like, like what we have, what's, you know, what's ours and why they wanted this. Mm-hmm. Right. This is over 200,000 buildable square footage that they just maximized. Where, where is the current, in the current stage of the fight?
Where are you at? Where we need support? Yes, sir. You know what I mean? We, they, they, they locked us up unlawfully over eight times. Right. They locked us up unlawfully over eight times in fighting for the property. Right. I gotta tell you this, you know, we were supposed to do the, um, you know, our gathering yesterday, but after decades we just had a very important meeting with the, um, the attorney General.
Mm-hmm. Right. Throughout all of this time, we've been reaching out to everybody who's in any type of position of power. Clergy members. Know what I mean? Um, uh, uh, uh, uh, elected officials, district attorneys, uh, uh, attorney generals, um, anybody that is of influence help us save the slave theater. Help us with the what's going on, right?
So again, come, you got, you got greedy developers who have certain money, you know, certain amounts of money to where they could come and just push things around, treat us like we ain't nothing. You know what I mean? But, you know, so it's like, all right, we, at this point, we understand that we are the creators.
It's up to us to, um, correct our statuses, right? That's, that's our mission right now to strengthen the natives while welcoming migrants and other people, right? By exchanging essential skills and resources so we can all prosper, um, with our, uh, with proper statuses on this land. I mean, throughout this journey is what brought us to that, because we can't rely on nobody to help us to save us.
It's up to us. You know what I mean? And it's like baptism by fire. You know what I mean? We had to go through it to get to it. So how exactly can people help? Is what I want to give clarity on. They can, they can help by, you know, joining forces, spreading the word, um, uh, economically. Um, uh, so is there like a, a financial goal?
Is there a administrative process you're trying to push through forward? Like what are, what are some of the steps, you know what I mean, towards victory? This right here, brother. The unity, you know what I mean? You status quo. What let you believe that? Um, we are the most divided group of people, right? This is why we're preyed on, right?
So one, the unity, right? Um, looking at, you know, some of the research that I've done, and I appreciate y'all so much for, you know, amplifying the financial literacy piece, right? Because it's over 70% of adults that's financially illiterate, right? We had to put our coalition together to deal with this deed theft issue, right?
You go in the store and you steal some candy or something, salute. Know what I mean? They gonna try to lock your ass up. You know what I mean? You steal somebody car this, whatever they, but if somebody come and steal your house, steal your property, it, it, it is not a crime. They've been doing this stuff since 1619.
Know what I mean? So it's like under overstanding that point, the unity coming together, you know what I mean? Anybody out there that's in positional powers to help support, I mean, tap in, right? Um, us as a people not being complacent in a state of lack, you know what I mean? Um, but you know, you want to go to it like a little bit more, you know what I mean?
Like, you could, you know, go to our website, stop be theft.org and what's on there? Is it a, is there a petition? You got a petition you got? We could walk down this way. I let go first, then let go first.
There's a, there's a petition there. There's, um, uh, education, there's, you know, you could go there and get some merch. I mean, definitely tap into, uh, the black lady theater.com as well, you know what I mean? Tap into the different programs that we got going on. Any, uh, arts and theater workshops and programs like all of these people right now, they working unlawfully in our building.
This is, uh, we at the front of it. Right. Um, who owns the building currently? Who owns the building currently? Yeah. Uh, like is there. Particular, what's the, what's the name of the group you, the last time I checked it was this organization from London called The Collective. And it's a couple of other different parties on there.
Uh, the Fulton Halsey Street Development. I mean, they got, um, a lot of different, uh, shell companies that they put in place to try to trick us. Right. Um, yeah, I, I stopped to say 'cause it's the front of the building, right? This is really from 1215 to 1217. Right. All of this was knocked down unlawfully and, um, you know, this, this, this building is going on.
So tell me about, 'cause I know even Queen, uh, Fu had lost her home. You understand me to similar circumstances like this. So just gimme an overview of beyond even the Black Lady Theater, how this is, you know, problem that has been happening systematically to black people out here in Brooklyn and New York.
Absolutely. Like, you gotta look at it. What has happened to the Slave Theater and the Black Lady Theater? It set a precedent, it set a blueprint for what's happening now to so many residential homes. So many, uh, uh, commercial properties, different land, right? It's, again, administrative tactics. It's like if they was able to get away with the fraudulent tactics as far as, um, kidnapping Judge Phillips off the street, I mean, and nobody say nothing, right?
Um, uh, uh, unlawfully attach, uh, uh, administratively attaching themselves to properties and nobody saying nothing, then it, it sets a precedent for 'em to go, oh, if we could do this to a judge and a property that's over 200,000 buildable square footage, then we could go to a, a queen of four. Uh, her residential, her family home, that been in her legacy for over 60 years.
I mean, and ain't nobody gonna say nothing, know what I mean? Because they got away with this, but they ain't get away with nothing. Like I said, we, in the process of correcting all injustices, you know, um, you know, but. That like, you know, this, it's a, it's a major issue, a major issue that needs a light shined on it that needs different policy and legislate legislation change.
You know, like I said, after at least 12 years, we finally had a sit down with the attorney general yesterday. You know what I mean? We had to tell her look in her face. So what, what transpired from it? What was the outcome of that? Sit down, we going to see, you know what I mean? Like, right now it's the time clock.
You know, we gave like a list of demands or certain things that we would like to see, you know, um, we want the support with, um, uh, uh, the different, um, policies and stuff that we're doing, and we want to see some, uh, uh, some prosecution on these predators. You know, what's the particular policies you wanna see pushed the uh, um, when people go into the clerk office to like, anybody could go down to the city registry and, um, switch a deed.
You know what I mean? There's no checks and balances. Right. Um, that's one when they, when when the fraud is presented, we want them to move on and we need people, um, we need a, a stronger consequences for these people who are executing these, um, these egregious acts. Right? We, we need support. Like I said, after 12 years of putting complaints in and reaching out to not get nothing is horrible.
Yeah. So I would say we can keep walking. I would say back, you wanna see the back or this is, you know, this is good enough. No, this is good. Okay. I would say, from what I'm hearing, it sounds like there needs to be a little more organization, you know what I mean? On what is legislation that you need?
Getting the data on who are the owners, right. Getting a step by step breakdown or what is the process? So you have clarity on the outcome of the goals. I think that it is easier to organize people when you can give them clarity and guidance. This is what we need right now. We need 10,000 signatures. So what, we need $10,000.
This is the particular legislation that we need passed. This is how we need lobbying money for that. Who do we need to pressure in order to get that? What is the cost of the land? What is the cost of the building? Right. I think what it really needs, you understand me and where you can get a lot more support, it's just by providing people the actionable steps of clarity.
Because once you get that, then you can organize people around that. And I think with it being a community idea and project, you then focus on fractional ownership. Right? Right. So how do you then give the community equity and ownership on something? They will pour their money into it. Mm-hmm. This is why I brought up the idea about the Gramercy Theater with the 39 keys.
Okay. Right. You understand me? The idea saying that for all those people that want to help, we'll give you a key. You understand me when that key can be representational not to like directors walk in and out representation of your equity. I study in principle and practice cater to, which is a Japanese system of how multiple entities come together.
They have about four to 5% equity in each other. Not enough. That's consequential for each takeover, but enough to where they can protect each other so nobody else can come in and swoop in for that takeover. Right. Right. I love that. Right. And so what's happening is, is we need new business models. Yep.
Because the current business models are set up for predatory practices. Mm. So even if you were to get the building back, how do you protect it so that it stays in the hands of the people, which is the long term solution. Mm-hmm. Right. So it's really, and and here's the blessing and technology and the curse of it.
If we don't master it, master us. And those who are mastering it is doing it to master and replace us. That part a lot of of the things that you talked about, I would probably take that and I would utilize that to do, run me some dossiers, some studies, some background research on the entities you're dealing with and some of the processes that you can use.
You understand me to mediate, right? This particular situation, I would have one grand focus, right? What is the one focus that we know we can get a win? Mm-hmm. Right? And so find that focus. 'cause there's a grand scheme of systemic problem, right? And then there's a low hanging fruit, right? And there's a high hanging fruit that you can get to.
What is the one win that you actually want out of this in the next let's say 60 to 90 days to where you can operate with a sense of urgency for the people? Right now, so let's say in our platform we got Carl Zion. We allow people to build their nations. So let's say we give you a profile, then you would have to go see if you can get a thousand people signed up under you so that you can then operate and start building you out of nation.
You have your thesis. Now the reason we start everything digital, everybody already on their phone, we just fractionalized and we not organized. But you start off Southern on your phone, now you got a thousand people saying yes, I like the idea. It is structured, it is ready. I vote yes, I'll put money in for that.
Whatever happens on the cloud and the physical can then be turned into the ground. Okay? Because what we are doing is organizing to buy land, to buy business, to organize systems and strategies. Because all across the planet Earth, I meet people, I know people. That's problems. There solutions come on. But it's fractured.
Mm-hmm. Right? And I'm saying we already have a nation that's just not organized like that. Right? So what really needs to happen in Brooklyn is getting all the people first sitting down and gaining the clarity. No, y'all good man. Bless it to you young guys, man. Oh, I'm 19 keys, man. I'm outside. I be teaching the people, training the people.
It ain't no ski. This is all real life. Real life. You can find me@nineteenkeys.com man. How y'all young brothers doing though? Man? Some soldiers outside. Come on, man. Got look man in his eyes when you talk to him, brother, what's your name? Huh? Bedstuy a little louder dealer. Come on man. Good energy, man.
What's happening with you man? You so y could tell, man. You got that energy, man. You feel me? What's happening? What's your name word? Ali. Oh, Ali, AYA. You don't know that about that Muhammad Ali. What's happening? What's your name? He's trying to understand. Yeah, Jada. Yeah. What's happening? Did they ah, what's your name,
sir? Search me up. What's happening? Yeah. Come on, y'all. Some young black gods out here, man. Y'all gonna take over the world. 19 keys? No, we outside with him. That's me right there, man. Yeah, we locked in my friend. What's up man? What's happening with you family? Oh, he on the phone. You got him on hold. What's up?
Keeping them waves tight. I see. Mm-hmm. You know what I'm saying? Make sure you brush with the shampoo on. You understand me? You gotta educate them on gang. Yeah. They already know, man. He gonna be some young guys to the future. Each other. You hear me? Care of each other. What's happening? Yes sir. Appreciate you.
Pleasure to meet you, brother. Thank you brother. Fresher the g What you do, man? You rap. You got one for me? You gotta stop eating the chicken nuggets. I I'm gonna put you on the gram if you could rap for real. But what do you rap about though? I got, I got millions. Don't worry about that. Got millions. You got about girls money, man.
You gotta rap about taking over something. Two them with the lady. W Let me hear something man. This your opportunity I made that. It's your opportunity, man. Hear something on spit something. You, Garvey, I mean fresh sheep. So you not a rapper. Like you gotta take the opportunities that come to you, man. You never know.
When you say you something and somebody give you an opportunity, they giving you that so you can meet it. I'm a D one. I'm a D one football player. I got offers. Yeah. Yeah. I got offers. You fit. You strong. Can I ask y'all a question? What does it mean? What is your definition of a man? Hmm. A man that could, like a person that could take care of him.
So that's respectful. Have love for each other. Yeah. Take care of his responsibilities. Yes. A person that could take his accountability, person that going somewhere in life. I'm going, I promise you. Yes sir. Yes sir. Who? Who is a man that y'all look up to? My father, Mr. Me. Why your father? Like you wanna hold this?
No, no, I got it. I got it. Why? You look up to your father? He takes care of his family. Like support. A man knows how to handle stuff and stuff like that. Yes, sir. That's respect, man. Tell your father I respect him. I'm 19 keys. Yes, sir. See, it's hard to know what a man is if you're not watching a man. 'cause young men learn from watching more than somebody can say they doing something.
But if you see them doing something different, you gonna learn from the example. But your name is 19 Keys. Yes sir. It represents how I unlock the mind all across the planet. The mic. Nah, he good, he good, he good. You understand me? Y'all look out for each other. You understand? I have a question. What do you do for a living?
What do you do? I go across America and I teach black people how to use they mind. You know what I mean? How to get they finances right? They spirit, right? How to build a brand, how to build a business, how to create content. You understand me? How to be free. All right. Now the most dangerous places on the phone.
Oh, he followed you. Okay. I appreciate you because the phone is dangerous. I, I'm, think about it. Depending on what you post, I follow you back. Are you posting constructive content? I can learn from, you know what I mean? Let me show him. I football, he play football, but like he trash. So how many pushups can you do?
Like a hundred? I can do a hundred flat. How many? How many straight? I seen speed now. Like 50 speed. That speed. Trash. He could only run. See me, I talk. Let me prove, let me see. Show proof. Push up right now. Yeah. I can't. I can't right now. Chill. Chill. We'll do it on, we'll do it on the scooter. We gonna hold the scooter and do the pushup on top of it.
On the ground. I bet you want do it on the scooter or you wanna do it right there? Hold on, hold on. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get busy with you.
I'm gonna do on my knuckles. Ready? Let's go. One. 2, 3, 4, type shit man. 6, 7, 8, 10, 13, 14, 19, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30. Uh oh. Uh oh. You gotta be able to go. I can keep going. I can do this all day.
Good job man. I appreciate that. Oh, blessings man. Y'all some young soldiers man. I see y'all out here man. Look out for each other man. Yo, remember me. I'm gonna be peace to you. I'm gonna be try to up. Listen, listen, listen. You already somebody man. You know what I mean? Most powerful thing you can be is yourself.
Then you show the world who you are. Never chase nothing. You understand me. All you gotta do is remind yourself who you are. They supposed to remind you who you are. You feel down, you have a day. You ain't feeling good. They supposed to come back and be like, nah, you him. You get what I'm saying. Dollar fault.
Where we going? Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. It's important. You gotta look man, his eyes when he talking to you. How that presence, how that energy. You understand me? I see a strong young guy then know that about yourself everywhere you walk. Respect my brother,
man. Y'all enjoy yourself. Stay strong out here. Alright, you talking? We need y'all for the future. What's your name? Order from Nicholas.
That's, Hey, you my brother too. Then we gotta get y'all some money. So y'all start eating McDonald's next. Say that man. You gonna give us, you gotta do 50 pushups. I'll give you some money. Who can do 50 flat? How you say you could do? I got 20 for 50. 20 for 50 flat. Come on man. Show me the strength.
Five, six. Come on. Seven, eight. Come on. 9, 10, 12, 13. Come on. 14, 17. Whoa, let's go. You got it. Gimme 11 one. Just gimme 21. Gimme four more. You got it? 22 come. Bryce. 24. 25. Yeah. 25. What? I probably break that. Let's see. Alright, now what if I break that? You gotta do it then. That was 25. I need at least 26 on. Let me break.
You could break it. Come on man. Man. Make. Let's go. Come on. Count Four. Four. There we go. Six, seven.
Hurry. Hurry. Come on, let's go.
Uh, you almost hourly. Gotta be hourly. You need hourly. Come on. 19. Oh, okay. Yeah. There we go. Come on. Yo. Soldier. You got it in you 23. Yeah. Ain't no you stronger than that. Let's go. Come on. Two more, more. Let's go. You got another one?
That's good money man. Come, come. Come here man. I'm gonna give both of y'all some for participation, man. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. They went, they went toe to toe. They really tried. You understand me? Yeah. See, you can't be afraid to try. You understand me? It's all about effort. It don't even matter if you actually win.
It's about the effort in life. But if you afraid to put in that effort, you never grow.
You gotta take the opportunity, not just for the reward but for the strength. So I respect y'all man. Be blessed. Next time you got a rap though, man. If you upset you something, take every opportunity to be y'all. Let me in the eye, man. I'm really a book. Yo. What's good bro? How you doing king? Look people in the eye.
I know y'all used to look in their screams. Look people in their eye. That's your power. So get us on that page of Black Lady Theater and um, I'm Omar, chief Minister Omar Hardy. Yes sir. Brother, brother. Peace to your God. I'm blessed. How you feeling? Yes sir. Real flesh. Yes sir. My son right here. Morocco.
Morocco. Let Morocco come on. More. More. Yes sir. Come on. Yo. I'm soldier. Oh, blessed. I seen a couple productions. I'm the filmmakers. Yes ma'am. Come out to do something with me sometime. Yes ma'am. I would look forward to it. It was a pleasure to meet you, sister. You'll send me all over the internet. This is my brother right here.
Hurry up. We gonna work, we building. What is, let me ask you a question. What does this area mean to you? Mm, it means we are putting programs together for youth and for um, people who are less for, I have a organization here called we the people where we give the community free food and clothing and we actually help them build their own personality for themself.
'cause it starts with, without proper food and clothing, you can't survive. So it starts with the necessities first and then help them with the shelter. Help them with other organizations that can provide services for them. I can't do it by myself from the street, but you speaking to that group was important to me.
That's right. Because they all in a clique. You don't have to be a clique for nobody to be prosperous. Come on. You are prosperous by yourself. Don't follow people and get yourself into trouble. Follow people and get yourself out of trouble. Come on. Like that.
My YI love. I see in love. Yes. I love y
Peace of God. How you doing? I'm blessed. How you feeling? I definitely love what you're doing. Thank you brother. How can I get down with the movement? How can I support man? We gotta set up now where we build out this digital nation so we can have a physical one. Okay. Understand me. The, the situation gonna called Zion.
I'm gonna make some announcements, okay? You feel me? You just tap in when it's ready. I definitely will. Yes sir. Keep building. Stay out here guys. We'll talk. What? My other, don't you got my other phone? Nah, I mean, yeah, I code on this.
I I'm going to tap in with your people. I'm gonna contact Yes sir. Friends. You know what I'm saying? Yes sir. Instagram is a different type of way. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I give him my number and you. Yes sir. Yeah, let's build the music. I do the music for you. Let up pt, young guy, me brother, right here. Peace Mecca.
All bro. Yes, sir. You got be locked in. I got Lake King. How you doing? I'm blessed. Hey, Farhan looking for you? Yes. Sircon looking for you. Oh man. He, he know where I'm at. I ain't hiding from Farhan. Not at all. I'm with Farhan. I'm a hundred percent with Farhan Sunday. I was there last weekend. I was just there with the brothers.
Oh, you in there? Yes sir. But I'm from uh, Oakland. No, no, no. You keep that. Matter of fact, how Mr. The paper now I know it's inflation. $2, but you take 10 if you don't have five. No, let me get, let me get the rest of the bundle and give 'em out. Bless your heart. Thank you brother. Appreciate you. Oh, you said you was in Brooklyn?
Yes, sir. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. I know the captain. Alright. See you later. Yes sir. Yes. Well, I'm gonna be in, I'm gonna be in la but next time I'm out here. Yes sir. Okay. Yes sir. The brother Kareem, the name that was in the old dirty BA movie. Yes sir. His name, uh, Tyree Uhhuh. He signed up? Yes sir. He's in Paris number.
He signed up problem. He said can't wait to get back. Yes sir. He to meet a brother like you brother. Yes sir. I'm 19 Keys. Nice to meet you brother. Oh, you're 19 keys? Yes sir. Let me show you something strange. You happen to ask me did I have this with me in the entourage with you? Come on. Strange. You happen to ask me did I have this?
Down the street. Oh, brother Malcolm? Yeah, Malcolm. You know 19 Keys? Yes sir. How you doing brother? He brought, grab all my papers. I gotta stop him from Bob. Bless y'all. I appreciate you brother. Bring him with y'all Solu. OG. Alright. What's happening brother? You you? 120, 60, a hundred dollars in 1960. Hey. Yes sir.
Same face. Wow. Y'all gotta come sit with us on Pennsylvania Avenue. Y'all don't know what y'all missing. You watching this world go down in front of your eyes. Damn. Y'all got to come in here with fire conduct. Say yes sir. Come on y'all. Y'all make me feel bad. They call it a final call for the reason. You ain't gonna get too more trumpet sound.
It's out. It's now. It's now or never. He hand to you. Thank you brother. Like Minister Henry. Your brother, he looking for you too brother. What's up Someone tell him that you be there in 11. Tell YY gotta come back to Queensbridge brother minister in Queensbridge. Y'all also gotta come outside. I know you gotta come back to Queens, but you gotta come back Pennsylvania too.
Beautiful brother. Yeah man. Real community man. You can't go everywhere and, and tap in with real community. That's the beauty about it. Our brother, I can give you one of these papers for free. Yes. All blessing to you. Black God. What's happening? Family? 19 keys. Nice to meet you, brother. Excuse me. Stepping on your toe.
Bless you. To you. God salute. Yep. Yo salute. Hey Nicholas. Yeah, we could. Which way we going? We can go this way. We go down this way. I mean, we could go another way you want, but that's what we, we gotta go a quicker route. Whatever's quicker route. Yeah. It straight down. Unless is not the quicker route. Oh. So maybe the back way then gonna be fast route.
Okay. It's gonna be around with more people. That's gonna stop. Okay. I mean we, yeah, whatever. Whatever. Whatever. We, we good. Y we got y'all people, we can go down. Uh, her.
How you doing there brother? Blessings. How you doing? My brother? You mind if I give you one of these papers for free? Yes sir. Lessons to you piece. Do you got? Yes sir. I ain't, I'm not gonna walk backwards. I'm just go behind.
Yeah, we go down and hurt. Come up that gimme opportunity to show you another piece. Tell them don't report that because you got situation. Yeah. Just give them a brief. But, um, yeah. Now This's another one of our properties right here. Um, I'm in court dealing with this right now. They kidnapped me off the street unlawfully again with the, um, unlawful documentation.
You know what I mean? No, no. Um, we can go down here. You know, no proper, no nothing. Everything they did is bogus.
kind of come, it's crazy out here. History man. I came out here, uh, what was this last year with my brothers working on a real estate project to buy, uh, real estate within a collective. Mm-hmm. The project is still ongoing. What they do right now that's in Chicago, mostly my brother's from Oasis, they teach young men, teach 'em a skill.
Mm-hmm. Teach 'em how to build the houses. And then it's basically a build to earn program. Mm-hmm. So you building an earn equity, you understand me into the houses and the spaces that you actually helping create. So it's a dope program, but it's also a space to where, you know, you can do collective economics pretty easily.
Mm. But it just, all of these things and all these ideas, man, what's happening is, is that technology is speeding up so rapidly. Oh my god. That it's actually making us easier to organize. Yes sir. But if we are not updating ourselves on the technology Right. Then some of our ideas are outdated and so we're struggling more than we need to.
Mm-hmm. And so it's really a learning thing, right? Can we learn a new tech, take the passion and organization put in that technology, which essentially it's like getting, you know, a grant and having people work for you. 'cause now you can have the machines doing the work for the man. Sure. This resurrection positive.
Yeah. So that's, that's, that's my hopefulness for us is that we master machine. Can I give you one of these papers, brother, for free? Thank you brother. Peace to the God. Peace.
So like with that, you know what I mean? Like, would you be interested in, uh, situating anything on this side of the town? A hundred percent. But see, this is why. Now you gotta think about it from my perspective, we worldwide, we global with it like that. So we gonna have a conversation here. We might go to Chicago, have a conversation there.
We might go to Ghana and have a conversation there. How do you organize all those conversations? The only way to be local is in a cloud. Mm-hmm. Right? So therefore when the collective gets together and somebody proposes to say, look, we got a property out in Brooklyn. Right. And the collective votes to say, I want to be a part of that acquisition right now.
We have the ability to organize no matter where we are. So ideas don't just float and be like, man, I tow 19 keys. So, and he ain't follow up. But that's just because I don't have the administration like that. You know what I mean? But if we create the technology, then we can administrate all those things to streamlined.
Yes sir. So this is where my mind is at. How do you organize a nation of people that's within a network that have the willfulness to do it? Come on. But we just don't always have the organization to do it because organizational power either requires volunteering. Right, right. Or it requires capital to hire the right people, not just the people.
That part because the right people. That's the main issue that we dealing with, that we overcoming right now. Yeah. Right. People want to get paid $200,000 a year. Right. So starting a good business, sometimes it's just like, can you hire the right person to run the business? You know? So it's, it's a completely different set of problems that we having.
'cause my goal is to create an economic network. Yes. So that's what I'm saying, that's what we about, that's what we embody. You know what I mean? Like what Bring what, what, what just hit my mind like with like what happened to, uh, Mr. Phillips, that was a political hit. Know what I mean? Try to disrupt peace to the God.
Lemme give you one of these papers, brother. There you go. Black man. Peace King. Peace love you too, brother. Ready? Yes sir.
Yeah. Nah, they, they keep, they keep in minding, make sure I put it in there. I mean, like I said, with the political hit, it's happening in Bed-Stuy and Crown Height at a high level, you know, so with us putting these different systems in place, how you doing sisters, you know, helps to overcome that, you know?
But like as far as like, say like with the, with the properties, is it like for you specifically, is it just you want to own or is it like, uh, we want to build alternative cities, you know what I mean? We'll rent 'em out for it. It can be part of the people that can have equity also be part of the people that's renting to own.
You understand me? I don't want to own it just by myself. I want it to be how you doing? Good brother. I'm getting with y'all one of these papers for free, my brother. Appreciate you. Okay. I'm gonna give both of y'all one. Yes sir. Thank you very much. No problem. Blessings, respect, wa. Peace. Nah. 'cause I'm saying we got a lot of opportunities out here right now.
We got a space over 9,000 squared feet, uhhuh. See what I'm saying? And see what that does. That becomes deal flow, right? So you've seen the deal flow to the community. Community then looks at the proposition, you know what I mean? We collect all the database on the community. And the beauty of it is you gonna have people in the community, you know what I mean, that have the resources, that have the knowledge.
So now you ain't gotta pay them because they're self-interested, you feel me? To utilize their skill sets as a resource. Mm-hmm. So it's really organizing all of the human capital that's within the nation, right? You got 300,000 black women that just lost jobs. Yep. They were in skilled jobs. Administrative work, government work.
You understand me? Now, where are they going to go if you got a nation for them, that's 300,000 workers that can help you build out. Yes sir. So now we building out that space for that. You feel me? Because in the future, if you don't build out your own economy, this situation's gonna get a thousand times worse.
I mean worse than you could ever imagine. Yes sir. Here you go. Good brother. Call. I thought it was different. Oh, that's the best call you gonna get, bro. Yes sir. No, but this is no this. This is the new one though. What that say on there? Isolated Israel on the world state up. I thought it was different. No, I'm telling you they came out with a new one.
This say you ain't get this one yet. No, but this issue. This issue. I got my point. I thought you had some blue newspaper. I know brother from la I wanted to see what was happening in la. Well they got, yes sir. Move brother New York right now. Peace brother. No problem. Peace. Not 14 keys. Not 50, but 19. 19. Yes sir.
14. Not 20 or 21. Not 20 or 21. 19. 19. God's number, number of completion.
Ah, we made it welcome. We, oh, y'all got it? Pull up bars and weights. Yeah, we do fitness and filter. So blue tail. Yeah. Coin that term. Okay. Yeah. And then we also do this give by 10% off of people come and do the 20 pull up shots. Oh, you know we got the bird after you. They got a bar of you. I know we did the pushups.
I give me 10. I'll give me quick. 21, 20 in real quick. This is dry. But you know, we get that many in.
Let's go. Come on. I'm about to get my 10%. No, let's go. Let's go. Don't wait till the top. Come on. Keep going.
We in Nicholas bookstore. You come in here, drop 20 and get 10 off. Tap in
you do you do some dips on the, on the ring? Yeah. Some dips. I went to a bookstore, a different book. I was thinking of,
ah, let's go. I feel good. Alright, let me cool down. I got things to do later.
My dad, he was watching leisure. My dad is like 78. Mm-hmm. So he's now starting to watch YouTube stuff and he's like, oh yeah, they had a brother on there. 19. Yeah. Like, do you know about him? Monique, you need to be watching this stuff. I'm like, yes. I've been trying to about everything that's going on and like he sees all the events that I'm doing.
My parents are in, uh, Myrtle Beach, so you know, I can't really be here to see everything I'm doing. You know, he's not up on all this social media stuff. Yeah. But that's beautiful. The message. Go get around one way or another. Just a quick picture.
Can you get one with Omar? Two cor one,
bro. I'm gonna come get one in watermelon juices. I've got you Mr. 19. I got you. Make that too.
Thank you guys. All right, so I have both of you all here. Pillars of the community. We just walked around Brooklyn, I just heard the stories. You understand me. This is a problem all across black America. And what we really wanna do is not leave people with problems. We wanna leave them with solutions and clarity, right?
This is important, a bookstore because literacy rates have dropped by 50%. The young children aren't reading. If you're not reading, you're not leading, right? There is no movement without books, right? When they destroy the literacy of any population, they're easier to control, easier to manipulate, and their tactics and tools of manipulation and control are more complex and sophisticated than ever.
So this is the war zone, right? Feeding the mind, strategic imagination on how we feel or how we reframe the past, how we practice futurism to where we'll be thinking about our vision of the future and not theirs. That they've been Ted in our mind. It is very important that the books are being read imperative.
Right. And that we're reading on paper specifically because it stimulates the brain different than when you're reading on the digital screen. Right. So I want to thank you for setting this up, this very necessary space. Right. I'm outta breath 'cause you had me doing and my dad started it up. Pullups. This is our 51st year in business.
Okay. Beautiful. So he started it up in 1974. So I carry it at the legacy that's even more beautiful. So not only is it just a thra, but we do events here. So we bring people such as yourself and other key motivators out there that's providing solutions. We bring 'em right here to Nicholas Brooklyn, that part.
Mm. Thank you. Thank you. And my brother. Is there something that you, as we wrap this up, is there something that you would like to tell to people and want them to just know in short Right. On what your mission is, right. And, and why this means something not just to you but to them. Right. Um, you know, well, like I, you know, like I said, one our mission is to definitely strength strengthen the natives by welcoming migrants and other people by exchanging essential skills and resources.
Right. So we can all prosper with our respective statuses on this land. So, you know, that's why we have our different arts and theater workshops and programs, mental health initiatives, financial literacy, food sovereignty, energy sovereignty, everything that it takes to build a nation. So even though we go through different trials and tribulations right, it's about overcoming, you know what I mean?
So, yeah. Yeah. Yes. It's unfortunate that, you know, uh, this beast is attacking us with this deed theft and all of that case, but you know, we, that, that doesn't define us, you know? So it's about us unlearning and relearning, you know, um, like that, you know what I mean? Respect to you my brother. Absolutely. I'm glad we've been able to build and I look forward to building with you further in the, the future.
My brother. Hold on. Definitely. Yes sir. Peace of the God I'm blessed. I mean, see how you could be a part overcoming people, trying to steal our generational wealth. I mean, tap in, we working. I appreciate you brother. Appreciate you. Yes sir. Peace of the family, peace of the God, what you have been doing and what you just did today.
Thank you. Because that's real respect. Time. Could I send you just about documentary connecting black men's mental health to postpartum depression of black women? Yes sir. Anything, send it to me about that. Send me an email, matter of fact, so my manager gets it as well. 19 keys@nineteenkeys.com. 19 keys at 19 keys do com.
Yes sir. Easy to remember. Yes sir. Yes sir. Alright,
I sit here. Thank you again. Thank you. Hey, thank you. No problem. I'll see you next. I'll see you later. Good sister on 19 keys, and this is high level conversation.
Knowledge.